Meeting Title: Terrafort interview
Date: Mar 18

Transcript:
 
Me: Where's your guys'office located? That's the best. We're. Fairly dispersed. As you could imagine. Until we pulled a bigger centralized cell in San Francisco. Yeah, everyone's getting office spaces right now. Okay? It's good that you got that before all the IPOs this year. That's been mine. Moved up for all the ideas. Great timing. Okay, so I think for constant interview, we'll start with maybe from the outside. Zooming in, I think. We've obviously reviewed the materials you guys sent over, but would love to just kind of hear from the horse's mouth, like, in the market right now. How does terraform compare to other solutions? What does the government doing that's really backwards and wrong. And where do you guys see yourselves in this macro landscape? Totally. So one of the key problems in emergency management is that they are coordinators of actions, but they don't necessarily own the action, and so they don't necessarily own the data or the intelligence. Right. If you think about. Washington. Emergency management. Chief executive. But if a road gets destroyed, they don't repair rooms. They tell all the groves department, fix this road, make sure that that's being actioned. If they don't have the resources to get something like that done, Then they'll work to coordinate how to bring more resources to hope that other department get that job done right. Powers out. In San Francisco. PG&ET owns power, right? So someone's got to run PTDS ask. They're trying to substitution back on and get the city out of darkness. So because of that. They have. Real information problem because all of the data that you need to be able to get common operating picture what's happening in any given time. Is owned by all these different stakeholders. So one of the things that we do is bring all that information to a single frame of glass to understand and be able to derive themes and help with decision support. Are all those vendors like a mix of government agencies and private companies or mostly private companies? So, Vendor? Well, it's a mix of all of them, right? So you've got a mix of public agencies that own utilities, right? So water in San Francisco, delivered by. Treatment. There's electricity done by ptd. And so you might be able to get access to information. PG's data is like, in their system and they maybe share that with you. Maybe not, correct? About traffic. If you think about all these other things. Those are just a lot of different data sources that are all of these different locations that we've worked to pull to single place. And they will integrate with terraform. Yeah. So we just grab people who are. They don't have software engineers. Right. Their software engineers are not that great, especially if you think about city. California, Right? If you're a software engineer, would you rather go get a job for a half a million dollars a year open AI or would you rather make $120,000 and be suffocated by bureaucracy working for the city and Captain New San Francisco? It's tough, right? Just competitively speaking. They can't attract the talent, Right? The folks that do take those jobs. Are not qualified or don't have the chops to work at. So they don't have a lot of technical capability to bring all these things. And sas, a lot of what we've built is making it really easy for functional business operators. To bulk NAT data and make sense of it without having to go to a geospatial analyst or something like that. Understand threats data. There's a lot of manual processes because of kind of leading on that theme of technical talent within government. They do a lot of the default paper and pencil and shit like that for collecting information in the field that just dies, right? It goes through a folder somewhere. And they call them text information is captured. First products we built was a mobile app that was a voice. So like the public works guy has a blown out road from a flood and rather than that guy really, he was taking a bunch of shit on into a crappy mobile. And so they just said, go back to paper because it's easy, tactile. So our voice agent allows us to just talk to it. Interviews them asking questions. They give it the information tells them what pictures to take. They do not. We vote that for offline so they agent on device. Offline disconnected scenarios. So that lets us get to daily the field to understand what's going on. And then feed that through another pipeline. To create all the different. Facts that, like customer needs to understand. Like, okay, it's going to cost a million dollars to fix that road. Well, why is it going to be a million dollars? Like, show it should work or age builds out cost estimates for that. We should normally take San Francisco to county engineer. Eight hours to write up. We just do that. As convenience. Asian fair. Exactly. Because if you think about one of the things that we're solving for with AI is like, think about disaster, right? So you have 100 people in your department working on grows and. Within day or year when a disaster happens, you might, you might need like, 2x that. But you don't have time to get those people and bring them in. Right? So everything is about how can we reduce the burden. On that same small staff. It's super overwhelmed and make the key things that they need to do easier and simpler without throwing a whole shield at a bodies at it, which often just makes it worse. They're really leveraging some basin. So that data. One thing you mentioned earlier and also was in the flyer was like the bringing of the 610 days to 100 days of the, I think obligation period. I forget. Could you describe what that is? Staying on the. Road example. When disaster happens. Provide support. If it reaches a certain threshold, they're not going to come in for a household. Jack some stuff up. So. They determine whether Bema is going to come support is by doing damage assessment. And that's where mobile app does. So it helps the users in the field collect the data to demonstrate that they either have or have not met the threshold for people to come in. And that whole process was paper spreadsheets, teams, channels, like just a giant cluster to organize all this and get it up to the Fed so that they can validate it. So step one is we run a whole lot of words about chaos and streamline how that data was collected out, gift process tower kits presented to state government. Perspective. And states like it because they get a tranche of shit from the local governments because they don't have time. So we help them more organized and how they receive that data from local governments. And present it to Bluemel, and then. Once. It's a financial threshold. So this state of California needs $80 million in damage to turn on a FEMA declaration. Each county. It's based off the population, so San Francisco needs to roughly. $5 million in damage. To get activated on that major saturated. So they have to show that, and they have to show that in 30 days. Thirty days to present those numbers, demonstrate that they have qualify, essentially. And then what happens if they don't collect it in 30 days? They just can't apply for it anymore. That sucks. That's one of the big problems, is that damage might be there. But they might not have the people, the bandwidth to collect it all and present it in a way in that time frame that hits those indicators that had 90 days or six months to do it, then they could probably get it done, but they can't. So we hope condense that time frame. And we did that in the state of Washington in two weeks. Presented a package that was much more thorough, detailed. Spreadsheet instead of a spreadsheet. That's kind of one of the big blank market points. It's no more spreadsheets, no more email chains, more on your own email chain. With fema, the state. Us as a consultant at the local government, and they're firing documents back and forth. And then those documents have to get uploaded to. It's called FEMA's grants portal. So that's where all the submissions go to fema. And then shit gets missed constantly because you're like, okay, we just gave you access to this teams folder. All the documents are here. There's 100 fucking documents. Shitty consultant. ELWAY gets, like, 50 of them, and then that doesn't get uploaded to a project, so that delays a project by all those kinds of things. So centralized repository in the platform takes all that out. It generates everything for you. Horse spreadsheets, Everything's populated in the app to damage locations. It forces you to take all these pictures. That's a huge pain. Point is, nobody has the right pictures of a blown out bridge. They have a blurry picture of their thumb in it. And then that fucks it up down the line. So that complete package that we put together versus them, just putting together a spreadsheet and saying, here you go. No, you can't validate this. Okay, what the fuck? What do you mean? And they go, they're just stumbling over themselves, like, can't get this photo, can't get this documentation time. Yeah, okay, well, out of your 12 million, you validated a million, and that's not going to hit the threshold. Yeah, so basically, data capture, project management and even submission of the package to fema, traditions being. Disaster declaration brings in a bull crap that people all over the country. And they. Throw away all that damage. That's the data that you already collected and ask for again. And it's all paper. Can barely walk out of their hotel, let alone embankment to take a picture under a bridge or something. And then that's like the foundation. So they're just fucking the old foundation. Beginning. When we're at that PDA level, that initial damage assessment, we capture all of that information at that level. So when Vi goes, we're going to send a team of 15 retirees out to do your site inspections. It's going to take months to go. No, we already have all the documentation, and it's formatted everything you need in FEMA format. So here you go. Don't need to come out. Don't need to do that. And that eliminates months of time. I would maybe come out and validate. Gotcha. So obviously very helpful for post disaster recovery. I know you guys had spoken about wanting to shift the buying moment more into the blue skies phase. For companies. I think Yen Chen has some specific questions around that. Typically, traditionally, all these tools have been sold during grace guys periods where there's immediate disaster that has to be addressed. Clients are looking for tools that they can have delivered to their site. But how are we convinced? These sort of these directors, these ICP. To adopt your tools. During times when there are no crises, there are no ongoing disaster, danger may not be. Combination. So a lot of these solutions haven't been architected to be bought during gray skies. So they've got this. Sales cycle, so you get adopted. You see, if you think of like a normal enterprise software platform, you're going to buy it and then we're going to do like six month implementation period. Right. Like, we purposely built our platform to be able to take advantage of Grace House. If we can get an hour. So that's one of our differences. Spin it up. Give you capability. You need immediately. But we prefer that you. Sign a contract with us. Start. So we do two things off that front. One. Telling the store a success stories. Because a lot of people are very much. Best practices. And they want to see it. Ignition critical. It sucks up in the moment they see your active. Very cool. So Virgo. I just want to see social group that has worked elsewhere. Washington experience. As well. Santa Cruz is one of our customers in California. Quick question. Are you guys able to do posts about success case studies like governments are those logos that you can. Get the science we got to get the sign off from. Like washington. And I'm not really sure, actually. A lot of them are not allowed. To endorse. And so the A couldn't post things. But I don't know. That those customers would have much of a problem. Just saying that this is what we did. Or like a state with 7 million people was Whatever. Yeah. It's hard to big if we're saying one week. That's generally going to be okay if you're like the deputy director of emergency management for Kings county says we're the coolest shit in slice bread. That's where. My stories do really well. And convective points instead of you just directly saying why you're good, it's better to prove with I have some really kick ass quotes from those guys meeting recordings that I can YouTube them. But we'll see on some of ourselves. Emergency manager. They really did say that, but I can't say who said it. So that works. I could just. Generally speaking, that's why we're with you guys. It's just, like, building up more credibility in that audience. But our website. Purposely had a conveyor. And. War track. So we. 'll do that. To double click on the architecting the solution. To be spun up very quickly. Can you give some tangible features or examples of the things that are really quick? Time to. Time to value. Damage assessment is kind of like the different. Part of the spear. For us on that. Going. Having voice agent. Is tuned that thing so. That you don't have to set your public works folks through like a two day training on what. Is and things of that nature versus not. It walks them through that. So being able to spin up customer and really say 30 minutes and then we can do a 30 minute training on how to use the bubble app and they can be out in the field. Pretty much immediately collecting data. And in a disaster, that's one of their biggest needs. Starting to gather all that information, a lot of those impacts. So we have damage for statute prepar. Ation. The super, super expensive. So it's like the difference between severance $100, one of the pets covering 75. So they're very unavailable to have that data constantly, just absolute. Value to get it. Good format. Incredible ski. I wish you on board. Has it ever shooted? Do people prefer to just more when they need it as opposed to. Buying preemptively. Yeah. So that's the second piece, our business model. So you think of, like, the normal enterprise SaaS solution. There's one primary competitor in our space. It's called. Web eoc by company called gem. Operating. They've been. Handed back and. Forth like gb firms. Everybody hates them universally, but they're like 80% market share. Like rip down. Parcel solutions. So I let Callaway has to build a solution that you could just. Almost there to have feature variety to them. But you pay. You know, if you're staying in California, you can pay $300,000 a year for that software, whether you use it or deduct. And all of these rights management agencies are strategic action. And so that's why we're too more of a consumption model. Low annual subscription fee. And then you're paying for number of patient success outcomes derived what that share, spend, track the rest of your disaster costs. So one, you can offload those to the Fed. Two. You're not paying for a bunch of capability. If you home the cab a disaster or an activation twice a year. So trying to lower that barrier to entry for them so that it were financially. They make more financial sense to have it. Blue skies. Because we're going to charge you a fraction. Those guys are going to charge you. We are going to get our money whether it's disaster. That's where you're at. But you already. Shelley had a shiller over time for people costs and all sorts of stuff like that. So we've aligned our business model with the bud. Get processes of our customers for that. I guess. What are the administrative operational financial advantages to onboarding during. Are there any trigger moments where. I don't know, if there's like a quarterly budget turnover, that makes a lot of sense for them to onboard, then even when there's no disaster, Go down. They go up. At the end of the year, they've got money left over. Ways to spend so that they use up their budget allocation. Prior. To presetting next year. So end of the fiscal year is always a great time. Following the fiscal year. They've got a sense for. We thought we were going to spend X, we spent live. Extra tax. If we had money left over, they would always come to. How can we spend $2 million in the next month? By three years of a subscription of some bank or whatever. To cover that. So California governments are on. The. July 1to June 30 fiscal year. Common fiscal year. And. This for us, and make it sense and really be this a lot. Simpler for us. Then that right. Ecosystem. So Gotcha. What about, like, did you have anything else about the blue skies before and ask? Guess, like, audit. Disguise day. There is a disaster. Is there anything? Disaster. Day of disasters, Yeah. So most of their needs during that time so when there's not a disaster, they spend a lot of their time preparing for the next steps. Training. So it's like we're we've got some features help them, like, playing. Help problems? Like, what type of anticipate. Things that are gonna happen. During disaster. Disaster. Happen They got a pretty chill job. Can you give some examples of the trainings like specific things? Yeah. So the whole training, the commending training, the stuff like that would be C platform. So operations center, It's a lot of, like, it's a it's a pickup game for the most part. Disaster. So you're the public works guy day to day. And then day, when disaster happens, you get accident. And you're gonna go sit in the emergency operation center with new And so they need to make sure that those folks whose day to day is not emergency management or staying in front exercise in the table to exercises a year. Have planning to. What kinds of exercises? So we'll sit around and take it like this, and we'll say, okay. There's a 7.52 earthquake that just ripped on San Andreas Hall. San Francisco. And So there's 250,000 homes that have been destroyed in San Francisco. Water systems cut the powers out. You know? All hell broke its loose. Right? So, like, what are we gonna do? Right? At least they could rehearse. Like, what the off the shelf plan is to deal with all of that. Start to do that. So things. We meet every year as big. Like, joint exercise between the state county governments, the Bay Area, evacuate people. Move ships in to put people in shelters because all like, you know, barns are gonna be destroyed. Right? Wait. Sorry. So you're saying the fleet fleet week is when the federal government will do rehearsals of the evacuation procedures. Evacuation and also, like, a whole bunch of food and water and things like that. Like, Chrissy Field is a staging area. Right? So you'll start to see, like, helicopters landing. Floating, Alice's stuff. Okay. Folks that are, like, stuck in San Francisco. Yeah. So that's a big exercise over here. Between, like, the department. Spends. Defense, I figured out a great a great way to do that. There's, like, one company that's that's, like, helping with, like, those exercises that happen Yeah. I'd say, oh, now there's this crazy thing that's happening. And as I said, it was called inject. It's like, you might have a plan. You think you know what's gonna happen, but that's never happened. Actually goes down. It's always some shit from left field that, like, your process. They'll throw in, like, these you know, scenarios that people get out of, like, the rehearsed thing, and they critically glue themselves. So, like, there's a company that's kinda trying to use AI to So The cell phone consultation. Yeah. And and you could run, like, mock exercises to do that. Especially with some of the stuff that we've And you can just use our system and pretend, like, there's Right? Mhmm. So certainly do that as well. Right? So the more familiar you are, the better. Six like that. You get five milligrams, like, that cognitive burden. Using software. Right? So Yeah. Not even see the it know, work the way it is, like you're used to dealing with technology, which is common. The government space. They spent thinking about just toss it and just go back to paper, text messages, whatever. So I've lost them a lot of time for You're super experience and Yeah. Better. You kinda It just works. Wanted to double click on the web UC stuff. Is that your guys' main competitor? Or what would you say the other competitors are, and, like, how would how would you say you differentiate? Yeah. So EOC in in there. Got a big contract with FEMA. So their whole thing is, like, these It looks like a a Reddit quality board. Right? Like, community board. Of situation. Is that a whole deal. They don't have they'll advertise that they have, like, one of them. Data integration, but it doesn't functionally work. Well. So our CTO is then chief technology officer for As we mapping company. Software company. Specifically to make geospatial data Mhmm. That are for entire So everything that's done in the platform is, like, spatial You need to know, like, where, like, power's out, water's out, whatever. What population that's in. Right? Because if that impacts wealthy people with a lot of means, then that's gonna have lot of like, requirement for you as a government because those rich people are gonna, like, the fuck out. Right? Or well insured so they can get out. Right? The population that you end up dealing with as the government and the public sector is low income folks that don't have their own needs to you know, find their way. Disabled populations of people people in wheelchairs or with mental or physical cognitive Right? Like, those are the populations that you really have to worry about. And figure out better to support. So understanding, like, geospatially, what happened and who did it impact is very, very important. Because it's got dramatically different ramifications. It's something that's major to happen. But if you versus Right? And as in the Bayview will fetch more, government assistance because those residents don't have the means to repair it themselves. Exactly. They a piece of repairs themselves, Maybe they don't have cars. They're dependent on public transport. Transportation. Public transportation's not working, so they're stranded. Right? Like, the escapes. Seen So so WebioC are made better to not. It's it's not built on geospatial data. It's say we built our whole platform from the ground up to be agentic for AI. So we can do a lot of things that like, just administrative burden using AI. She's facial inside five Geologetic. Geologetic. Love it. Love it. So a lot of the technology that that he built into our platform like these big incumbents like Esbergen, WebEOC, and other folks, like, they're they're you know, five years behind. Like, where Arnold started. Is. And even, like, Google has all this capability that they publish out there. But they don't have the they're not, like, organized well enough to pull it into a a solution. Mhmm. So we brought my blog there. Made it into an actual product. Actually, partially use. Mhmm. So next generation platform built from the ground up. For for geospatial and for AI. The taglines. They're also like, standard classic enterprise. Like, very interested in a lot of people. Right? So I take a portability challenge. So put data out of our platform. Rest on me. That. We know that you don't have another solution to send our data to the It's gonna do what ours does, but if you did Mhmm. Feel free. I mean, now with agents, it might be more prevalent. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Especially as more solutions that you know, this platform needs to talk to and get data. Right? That's even more important. So you hope that Yeah. Definitely. I I mean, we we started this company because I was at the state of California, and I could not for the life of me, find solutions that, like, met our needs. We were, like, building custom apps on the sales Mhmm. You know? So yeah, I kinda always wanted to start a company, but it's really out of, like, Right? Right? Solutions that fit access to. So I think that's a great, like, origin story post Can you say more about what the specific things at the state of California that you just, like, could not find? Yeah. So we were the state operations center in San And that was powered by WBUC. Theoretically. But they had a whole bunch of a whole bunch of challenges that put, you know, we use WebRTC is a system of record. Because it didn't do a whole bunch of things. So, like, bring didn't have like, robust work workflow management. Everybody just went outside. So for every, like, thing that was in WebUC, there were two or three Excel tractors off to the side. Spreading emails, text messages, and team chats, and all these sorts of things. WebEOC was designed to originally, they have this concept where, like, if a county governor in San Francisco subscribes to have USC in City Of California, that's it. That they would fuse and they could talk to one another. In practice, there was, like, two counties fifty eighth in California that had that feature turned on, and there was me in our the upper. So everybody's operating inside distinct silos. Male sheets as, like, wear grounds to fill those gaps. So we built our platform to be like, from the ground up, it is, like, an assassin who are together. All you have to do is click two buttons, and you can see say, California, you can see San Francisco and vice versa. So both of them cut down all of those bureaucracies, like, think the how I like it is emergency management. Imagine if there was a disaster. Like, the worst thing happened. And then people people, then you know, all these companies, they come together as, like, one unified entity and work together to solve problems. We're cooked. Yeah. That's that's functionally, like, what emergency management Right? Like, the state government county, they talk, but, like, their systems are not integrated. The feds is a whole another another problem. Right? So it's like all these distinct entities that have to, like, coalesce together on to hit a jacket. Together. And it's just really fucking painful and bureaucratic like, IT is, like, one of the biggest problems. There's no synergy there. And so that's one of the things that we set out to solve for. So so none of those actual solutions were being used the way that they intended to because they had limited capability. And so I set out on for to, like, do the business analysis of what we use Website for, all the different different functions. And just started piecing those things off. So we have this, like, resource ordering. So if you think about San Francisco needs, like, 50 beds for a shelter, They put a request into the state. The state receives that, and then they send the beds off. Track. Right? That both process is done by spreadsheets and email even though it was supposed to be done by ESC. So we pieced that out. We built a whole resource request for resource ordering. Platforms And already pieced out, like, the geospatial and, like, mapping. Components. Built these bespoke dashboards. To cover that. The resource requested piece. And then field data collection, they have a mobile app. Okay. Thanks. There's a lot of, like, authentication, like, user permissions management friction in there. It's, like, very, very granular. So we you know, both of if my my public works guy in the field doesn't need to have a username and password, to log in to the mobile app. QR code, and it launches the correct form for the or the correct agent for the correct jurisdiction. Start logging damage that way. Public works, believe it or not, like, pretty have emails because they're out of the field. Wow. How do they get paid then? They write their time on the favorite time card. They hand it to a generally female assistant in the yard, and she keys their time. To timekeeping system so that it's Down. Generally Yeah. And then we just found that like, questioning the actual folks in the state emergency operation center, like, what they actually use WebEOC for and came away with, like, you think you use it for things, but you actually don't because you're actually doing all the shit. Spreadsheets. But Mhmm. So you're fine. To some of your solutions, which are still not fantastic, but better than what what we have seen with providing for us. Spend more money. But it didn't save you money, but it did drive operational efficiencies. So Mhmm. That was good. Okay. Sounds good. I think maybe we can shift now to, like, the talking about stories about your ICP. I think this part this, like, part of the content mix is really about what we like to do like, the difference mainly between content for brand and content for pipeline is, like, content for brand is the, like, typical content you see people posting on LinkedIn or otherwise where it's about their company, their culture, whatever. It's very, like, about themself. And content for ICP is kind of rarely overtly about you or the company. It's always speaking to the questions, hopes, worries that the ICP has. So that you are generally, like, in their headspace. And especially for you guys, I imagine you'd be, like, one of less than 10 companies that are sort of thing very frequently with the level of operator experience that you have. And so this is where we can really give them extremely valuable tactical information that you guys are uniquely positioned to provide them. So let's just dive into the mind of the ICP and maybe even start with, like, and you were kinda talking about what they are thinking about and doing on their off time when they're not actively recovering from a disaster. But what are, like, other concerns or problems or, like, things that they're thinking about in their day to day? The biggest thing right now is, like, that the so the Trump administration came back for the FEMA. So they've been kind of systematically dismantling that agency over the last year. Yeah. Like, increasing the money back increasing the fresh food to get a new stash preparations of the conversation. We used to rely on think we were going to. To still rely on FEMA to come in but if Calvary's come to the tenth. To save us. Yeah. Yeah. Being the reality anymore. And so they're thinking a lot more about how do we how we plan to support ourselves state support the local government. Supporting. This So assistance historically marketed that they were providing. What's your take on that? Do you think FEMA is out of the picture and everyone should kinda be like a prepper and and do self sustaining stuff, or do you think it will come back at some point? So so, this is probably valuable, but my perspective is that FEMA was never doing the things that state and local governments think that they were doing and the folks who have experienced that. And know that and understand that. But if you haven't, like, work, on a big disaster in the last ten years. Save the day, but, actually, like, most of employees at FEMA 60% of them. Are useless and just wasting the web. It's just a bunch of you know, basic. Work they're working So it's like, get blue shirts out in the field. To act like they're doing something, but they're actually not moving the needle. For your commute. In any way, shape, or form. They're there, like, as a presence and there to say that they're gonna help, but they're functioning very, very slow. They're very bureaucratic. So my message to state local governments we have the luxury of being in the state of California that's, like, very large very capable. Is that, like, you, local government, can do a lot more than you think that you can Yeah. The more time that you're spending thinking that, like, we're just gonna pull the record in the feather, help us is actually not a good use of your time or energy because they're not fundamentally speaking. Even if they weren't getting good. That was gonna be the case. And so there's a big effort to get on reform theme of that feature ultimately holds for them. But message more prominently like, was never gonna be your saving grace. And you need to be more self sufficient and self sustainable spend your off time You don't have disaster putting in contracts for people to come. Come in, private sector to come and help you because most of this stuff gets done by bringing the private sector to help you. The state government and federal government wanna want truck drivers standing by Mhmm. Called pallets full. Yeah. Like, in contract with trucking companies just like did. Right? So there's, like, a lot of that. Be prepared to do damage assessment and understand the rapidly and then get the. Of whether it's contractors to come fix your road, or department to do that. We help with, like, triaging that. So where should we start first? We've got a few things. A hundred you have a hundred things and you have no priority, then nothing's a priority. So so we help them understand, like, what the most impactful place to start is and then work your way down list in terms of gonna help what problems you're gonna the past test. Once they really start seeing of the your like, of your of your product. Right? Really actually start seeing that your product makes their life so much more convenient. Yeah. Well, so if they will be we put this together pretty quickly by half. Being able to pull in my your geospatial data into one location, is super saver. As you're so you go out, like, a for instance, Right? Monsters farm is, like, spent off the coast, and you're starting to prepare some of these work. Is likely to result in this meeting. People, this many types of people being displaced. So you can open up shelters for these types of populations. You have this many it's a But it here, here, and here because the hurricane can come through here. You don't want the shelter to be in there. Right? So demand planning and forecast. To storm hitting. Time impacts by bringing all those different data sources together so that you can to weather model WeatherNext too, and that's, like, the most accurate right now. Yeah. Swarm impacts. That's needed to build it to our So just, like, from a weather perspective, like, they'll have a person National Weather Service who will sit in the emergency operations center and verbally tell you things or use the the really shitty user experience on you know, no one's website to show you, like, something's going. Right? But with our platform, you get to do time. Store tracks, and then call set. Like, population impact data. Mobile app. Deal as they're coming across. Or things that are taking place in the field. Back. Time. And what centralized locations that kind of further feeds that that situational awareness component. Graphs. To show you, like, how much damage you sustained and, like, where you are towards meeting that old after declaration. Indicator. Right? Super simple thing like that. Hours. More blaming somebody. Like, putting together a giant spreadsheet to, like, refresh the page. Just watch the number go. Like, oh, I guess bringing it back to, like, the ICP stories, you have, like, any examples or stories of, like, the ICP doing some workflow in that prior, like, antiquated way and then Shifting. Yeah. And then and then shifting. Like, the more you can sort of ground it in, like, tangible, like, like, what was the actual, like, disaster or the the locale or, like, the geospatial terrain. The more vivid of a picture that we can paint. Yeah. So I think, like, the best use case is, like, the Washington one that we just did. So yeah, hundred and eighty million dollars worth of damage. Platform. For so they had $38,000,000 of the damage in 20 counties that were impacted. Two counties $76,000,000 worth of debt. Oh, percent. Of the entire state, FEMA validated are numbers 97% accurate. Without even having it set foot. Will be I bet. Yeah. 97 is crazy. 97 and and then basically stamping it, not going out and validating it. They've looked at the platform. They're like, holy shit. Okay. This is more than enough. Yeah. You guys are good. How much time and money do you think FEMA and the state of Washington saved? Yeah. State of we have we have that Three days. Versus what what month may it take out? Two weeks. Reliable your data is that makes me go accept it's Right. Yeah. Because what they what they would normally get is, like, literally a line spreadsheet for it. Yeah. So Main Street. Damaged sinkhole, $1,000,000. Right? Yeah. K. Fucking Yeah. I'm gonna I put this a million dollars. But our platform says exact GPS location, it's called, like, a full scope award. Cost estimate for what the repairs Especially, there is between my your. What's the answer to this equation? It'd be, like, 50. And then the other person, like, meticulously shows their work. Mhmm. Shows you how they got to that fifty. Right? Mhmm. So that's I think I was like, keep Very key component and, like, right their last event. King County Fast event, it's like, big straight line wind event. And they didn't end up getting the disaster declaration because, number one, they couldn't formulate the documentation in time. They couldn't back up the documentation in time. They couldn't put together narratives and all the things that the platform basically writes with the AI. Tied into it. Mhmm. So literally Was the Kings County, The state of Washington one, or King County is, yeah, Washington. We're Seattle is. So the biggest county in Washington. Okay. Got it. And they were not you said, like, they couldn't formulate the documentation in time? This was their previous Oh. Got it. Got it. Yeah. We came in. So it was, like, night and day. Like, if we would have been there, they would have gotten the deck. Because everything that they were insufficient on are all the things that the platform does. Yeah. Got it. How do how much money do you think they would've or recovery assistance you think they would've gotten if you guys were there? They had, like, 14,000,000 damages. It wasn't anywhere near what this event was, but it was just the they got they they were the u the use case of what we're explaining to you happened to them. Pre four months before this storm hit. Mhmm. Mhmm. So I was like, you know, There you go. Yeah. They got denied. Because they couldn't formulate everything. And they very well could have gotten denied on this one if we hadn't been there and you know, put the numbers together, but we did. Mhmm. Are there other examples of Oh, yeah. I got the yet. So Okay. Okay. Yeah. Are there other examples of, like, counties or or local governments that like, if you'd been there, either because of time or, like, comprehensiveness of data, they would have gotten a very different outcome. Yeah. I mean, we could apply that use case pretty much every disaster Anybody that hasn't used the platform for a disaster, they all they all do this. They all their process is all the same. With all those shitty spreadsheets. One picture, maybe no pictures. So FEMA goes out and goes, okay. You guys don't have a cost estimate for this. You guys don't have photos for this. We're gonna make a cost estimate. Probably gonna be a fourth of what the county would provide or what we would provide. So just the overall, all the their numbers are probably gonna be a quarter of that. Like Grady said, the declaration number is everything, so you have to hit that threshold. Mhmm. So FEMA populates all your numbers. They're doing all the work for you. It's gonna be significantly detrimental to your recovery. Yeah. Something we can do in ABM post to some did John talk to you guys about ABM posts? It's like target to do to specific individuals or agencies. Okay. Or companies, yeah, or or governments. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. And I'm thinking, like, one ABM post we could do is, like, let's say, Kings County. We just list all the storms that they've had in the past five years it's like, like, this is how much they got from the government. This is how much they could have gotten if they've had a more comprehensive data collection system. For like five or 10 storms. Think ABM posts are we like to get really, really specific with calling out the the people that are involved so that and and providing value that is, like, really tangible and specific to them. Mhmm. So that they're, like, who are these people posting about me? How do they know so much? And they check out your platform and hopefully send a connection request. So, yeah, that's why I'm sort of asking about, like, if there's other examples of like, or disasters that you guys know about that would have been particularly well suited to a digital transformation. I mean, we could say Okay. Yeah. That'd be great. Accounting for health inspires. Definitely high. It's fire. LA County for the Palisades fires would be a good one because they all almost they almost they're still in the process of digging themselves out of a very big hole. And they're way past the thirty day, like, with Yeah. They got the decoration and everything, but they I Fema basically it's called DM ing. They basically said Into that. Yeah. They're basically saying, we're denying all of this because you guys can't provide documentation. So you guys can appeal all of these they're in process of appealing all of these projects they put together basically saying, we're we're appealing the case that we because and that was all just crossed the board said all of the all of your projects are ineligible because county couldn't get their shit together enough to put together, like, a simple cost estimate. All the things that are ginned up when we do a day. Mhmm. So there is this whole list Is this public? Yeah. Can you drop this in the Slack channel? Yeah. They got denied their major disaster declaration. They're appealing it. Got denied. They're appealing it. Called out. And the appeal probably takes, like, so much longer Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. But that's this is a damn. Assessment. Likelihood or you don't. Mhmm. Quality. Is now gonna say, okay. You've supported this. Yeah. Straight to us that you have the impact, and Basically, every every state out here that is appealing, something, is a recent example. Mhmm. Change the story around for that. Okay. Yeah. That's really good. And we're just about coming up on time. I guess, is there any, like, like, personal career or, like, company journey stories that you guys can because I think at the end of the day, LinkedIn is a social platform. People love interpersonal nuggets. Okay. Any fun culture things about your company or the team or the origin story? So I think, like, average assessments is one. Where CAMHSA so, like, we we back in the day, we used to have PDF document of, like, what you're supposed to at Pima headquarters, I like the initiative to build, like, the first digital damage assessment. Tool. Great solution, but, like, that was 10 So it's kinda made my start on this journey. And then when I got to the state of California, we worked to, like, implement that. We had So it's been kinda like a ten year journey. To to this place where we can, like, have actually transform. How this process is done. And make it so that you know, take the time from 600 to days to a hundred days. That's been informed by, like, ten years of trying at various levels of government. Company was founded because through working Washington C, the state of California, local government's, like, inside. We couldn't actually get done and get the right thing built. What are some notable if you were making a timeline of, like, ten years ago to now, what are some notable, like, wins and losses This format of post is really good for, like, like, you persevered through the years and there are all these l's that set you back and now you're like like, look at how grand it is or whatever. So, yeah, what do you think are some, key wins and losses along the way there? So 2016, first, like, digital damage assessment. Template. Later that year. For her to do geospatial damage assessments, so, like, that flood if a if a home has, like, three feet of water in it, then it's considered, like, majorly Right? And we didn't have the ability to, like, do that using satellites at the time, so we I led a team down there too. A bunch of people fanned out and think we could measured high blood at scale. Florida, For for like, kind of losses along the way. To the state of California. Personal reasons. You gotta, like, you know, 65 year olds doing it. So we didn't get that implemented. Right? Then 2022, Street View cameras and satellite imagery. To automate damages settlements. Technically challenging for the state of California to, like, keep up and, like, pain. Keep it expensive. And so you know, after failing at that the last time we I left and started to report to build this, and then there really to do it. Like, very well. Technology had caught us where we could, like, really lower barrier to entry and make it intuitive for the people that needed to be intuitive. What do guys use for voice Okay. Got it. Okay. I think that's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. I think it definitely helps to shout out your your vendors and partners. Cool. I think I think we got some good stuff. Mentioned quotes, but your clients that were really interesting. Yep. I'll I will do I need a sub note. I'll put some slides. If you have, like, case studies or anything, those are all great. Yeah. Alright. I think we could we should just go to dinner because I think probably everyone's hungry. Appreciate you guys staying late. 