[1:01] Max Rascher: So I. You can see how I kind of communicated with him. These content interviews will be a bit different from ones in, like, the marketing or the AI world. This is a clinical operations. So basically what they do is they help. They help companies that are coming out with new drugs or new cures or whatever kind of go to market faster with AI and their clinical CRO, cto, cco. I don't know who it is, but yeah, he's a very good client to work with. He just kind of spitballs, gives me more information than I need. And it's been going very well with everything. It. Jackson smith. Oh, shooting. So let's aim for 11, 15. So. So you moved from Spain? They said, yeah. So I was. I was born in Maine. I moved to Amsterdam when I was 12, and then I moved to Madrid maybe six years ago. You're pretty European. I think so. Every time. So I like playing pool. It's like my go to out of work. And every single time that I meet someone, oh, you sound this, you sound that, you sound that, or whatever, and everyone gets it wrong. So I just say, yeah, whatever you say makes sense. And you guys, where do you guys come from? I was born in Italy. My whole family is basically in Italy except for my parents, where in Italy called Laquila. And then I grew up here since I was like, four. But I would always go back to them twice a year. And then, yeah, I spent some time in London recently for my old job, so I got to be closer to them because of that. That's nice. Yeah. Where have you been living? So now I live here in Indian Ashbury, but I was living in London for my job for like, two years. Did you like it? I loved it. I mean, I hated it at the time. And now I romanticize the experience because ultimately I'm pretty Californian, so I need the sun. I need a bit of, yeah, outdoors, like, vibe. That's why Madrid's a good place. Yeah, Madrid's, I think, like, the best place to live. Everyone. Not everyone says, but if Madrid had, like, an ocean, it would, hands down, be the best city. No doubt. How do you feel about Barcelona? I hate Barcelona. You hate? Yeah. It doesn't feel like a Spanish city anymore. Amsterdam, though. I love Amsterdam. I hated it my first two years there. And then as I got older, I was like, well, a lot of places that I live and I've traveled quite a lot, and usually I try to turn like one week or one month of work into like, four weeks or four months worth of travel or whatever. So I've lived, actually lived in a good amount of places. And everyone has their super highs and super lows. Obviously. The US Is a great example of things that are really good, but things are also really bad. And Amsterdam is just brutally average with everything. And it's so calming as, like, an individual to live there. It's just like, you don't ever have to worry about anything. Yeah, no, it's good vibes there. Yeah. I can see why the first two years are hard, though, like, with the climate and everything. Climate. Nobody speaks. I mean, they speak decent English, but, like, you look at signs and everything and you're just like, what the does that say? Usually, like, if you're in Spain or if you're in Italy or if you're in France, like, you can kind. Like, if you unders. You can kind of make your way around, like, what these things mean. Even if you're perfectly wrong, you're probably in somewhat of the right direction. No, Germany and the Netherlands are like, you don't. Yeah. But do you speak Spanish and Dutch? Yes. Dutch, not so much. I can understand a good amount, but I was in a boarding school, an international boarding school, so we only spoke English. And in the international school, there was, like, four Dutch kids. Oh, yeah. So, like, there was no chance I was learning. I was learning any Dutch. But, yeah. Conversational. Yes. But when it gets to, like, a business sense, it gets very. I need to think. Think a lot more. But it was interesting because my. My dad is Swiss German. And so in our first day in the Netherlands, I knew he spoke German, but I was like, he's gonna have a hard time understanding the language our first day there. We're, like, going to a football or, like a soccer game, and he talks in broken Dutch to the. To the security guard or whatever, and they perfectly understand him and they tell him where to go, whatever. And I'm like you for not teaching us German or whatever when we were younger. But, yeah, Dutch is a very hard language to learn. There's also a lot of dialects as well. Yeah, Yeah. I like Italian. It's very dialect based. Yeah, well. And you? Well, I was born in the Bay area. So I've been in the area my whole life. I'm living in Daly City right now. Oh, yeah? Yeah, yeah. They're like the UN like the forgotten younger brother of San Francisco no one knows about. So I didn't see San Francisco until. Talking to someone outside of California. I'm like steps from San Francisco. So San Francisco. But my parents were both from Seoul, South Korea so I did the creative anytime. I love Seoul. You do? It's one of my favorite places. One of my favorite places I was supposed to be there for exchange period. I absolutely loved it. I was there for like two months. It was great. Do you any specific district you like favorably or just overall? I, I think it was more just like overall I. So I had to cut off my term short because I received an offer to go work with Huawei in China and I had to apply for a visa there while I was applying for my art visa in Seoul in Korea. And before that I had went and it's like a funny story. I don't know if we have enough time for Satchel. But like the night before it's a 14 hour flight from Amsterdam and I plug in my phone into the charger, set everything up. I wake up next day, get my coffee, I'm on the road and in the taxi a notification pops up and it's like you have 10 battery. And I'm like what? So I plug it in again, my charging port doesn't work. And then I realized that like I didn't get a physical card so like I can only pay with Apple Pay or whatever. So I go to the, the airport and I get one of the max safe charges or whatever. So I'm like, all right, I got one out of two down. I get into South Korea and into Seoul and immediately I realize that it's only Samsung pay. There's no Apple Pay there. So what I was doing was I was meeting friends and I was like, yo, can I send you 200 on Apple Pay on PayPal or whatever? And you just take it out and give me the equivalent in, in one. And so that was working for a while. And then right before I knew that I was going to leave, I transferred my mom. Like I think it was like a thousand euros or something like that. And she sent it in a Western Union. So I came and I had a stack of about 550000 Korean won in my pocket or whatever, carrying it around. And the next day I realized that I have to leave in a week. And so I was going all around, KBBQ taxis here and there. It was impossible to, it was impossible to spend the full amount in a week. And I was like paying for my friends dinners and everything. It was one of my really, really one of my favorite places that I've that I'VE ever been. I love it. How often do you go? I go, like, pretty, like, once every year or every two years, depending on the timing. Yeah. But kind of go this. Maybe winter, later on. Yeah. Yeah. Because we have a two year old and sometimes my wife will just take the baby doesn't tell you he's gonna stay home because sometimes she runs around
[14:47] Sachil V: the
[14:47] Max Rascher: airplane. Start trying to, like, you know, look at other people's, like, compartments. Like, what is this?
[14:51] Sachil V: Like
[14:51] Max Rascher: this? Sorry to cut you off. Hey, Satchel. How are you, man?
[14:56] Sachil V: Oh, hey. Hey. Good, good. How are you
[14:58] Max Rascher: doing? Very, very well. How was. Scope this week.
[15:03] Sachil V: Not bad, not bad. I think we got some. Some good insights. I think it could have gone better, but it also could have gone worse. That's the. The real take on it.
[15:14] Max Rascher: That's. I was just saying to. To our CS team that sometimes I love average, so
[15:20] Sachil V: it is the way
[15:22] Max Rascher: it goes.
[15:23] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah.
[15:24] Max Rascher: Let's get into it just so that we have enough time to get through all the topics.
[15:28] Sachil V: Sure.
[15:29] Max Rascher: Yeah. First things first, how was Scope? Tell me about some of the individuals that you met. Some of the insights, if you want to share them, just kind of steamroll. And as always, just to remind you, I do not know your industry as well
[15:41] Sachil V: as
[15:41] Max Rascher: you do, so I will come up with some of these topics. If you think they're not in line of what you would like to talk about, shoot it down and we can go to the next one.
[15:47] Sachil V: Sure, sure. Sounds good. So overall gist of Scope was of course industry continuing to move definitely towards AI initiatives. I think the vendor saturation of AI is very, very real, even more so than previously. I think the overall language of what we're talking about in terms of. I think we went through some presentation posts and I'm not sure if you actually got the presentation, but if not, I can send that over. It's very in line with what the industry is looking for. The issue is, of course, we are not the only ones who realize this. There are plenty of others who are also hopping on to realize, particularly let's say in research and protocol authoring, the ability to kind of take operational data and improve trial design. We saw a company who basically has exploded on that aspect. So I think that's a really good area to continue to drill down and see if we
[16:56] Max Rascher: can get
[16:57] Sachil V: some legs there. On the pure operational side of what we were talking about, even there, there is some interest, but I think it's not as large yet per se.
[17:09] Max Rascher: Got it. And what do you think some of. And if you could share some of like the actual dialogue that you had. I know we did a one post already about the dialogue while considering a novo commerce, but like, what are some of the things that you heard in terms of like not the pain points but like the, the hits in the road to where, like they're not sure of it yet. Or this. Yeah. A pain point or a concern.
[17:31] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah. I think a big part of it comes down to credibility. It's almost a catch 22 because it's like for people that really want to move forward, a lot of them want to see specific case studies and fully drawn out analysis of this was the problem. This is how the solution exactly applied. Here's exactly what happened and here's roi. But in order to do that, you need to find people who are willing to do that in the first place. That's one of the biggest things that I see. And so of course, we'll kind of make some internal adjustments to kind of catch that a little bit and see if we can get some earlier players, get some incentives in to get earlier players. But that's one of the biggest things, is credibility. Seeing does this work. For my specific case, one of the best conversations I had there, it was with a rare disease company. Their portfolio is very focused on rare diseases. And we were. When we were talking about applying operational data to better trial design, the conversation immediately went to, well, how is it for rare disease in specific? Because one of the key parts of rare disease, there's not that many patients out there.
[18:43] Max Rascher: There's not
[18:44] Sachil V: that much data for it out there. There's not as many trials out there for it. So can we really leverage true insights for our specific diseases, not just generic ones?
[18:54] Max Rascher: Got it. All right. I had another question. Maybe it will come back to me. Oh, yeah, maybe another post. If we have. If you have enough context or perspectives on it. But, like, what was kind of the market saturation that you saw at Scope and how has it kind of transformed from the last couple of years to where maybe you were the only player in the industry, or there was only a couple key players also, how do you think that the market and your ICP sees this market saturation? Do you think it's something that's. It's difficult for them to kind of to. To not qualify, but like, really choose a certain company that they would like to work with? Or do you think it's mostly just like there's a few players that are in there that are kind of taking the cake from everybody
[19:41] Sachil V: else? In a way, it's a little bit of both. I mean, that's a very good question. So what I've seen is, as we come from, let's say 2024 was where the larger players started to really go in this direction, that 2025, early releases of their
[20:02] Max Rascher: stuff,
[20:03] Sachil V: and now, of course, 2026, they're expanding on it. What I've seen is that because some of these very large players already have existing clinical software, it's of course, a little bit easier for them to introduce something new and get some new players into that immediately because they're already using. An example would be edc. That is a system where, for metadata, they already have a huge chunk of clients. And so when they start introducing, hey, we can create your case report form to then go into the edc, you know that then kind of. It's very easily accessible. In terms of overall saturation, I can't exactly quantify the difference, but it's very clear that there are plenty of smaller vendors, newer vendors who are coming in, some who don't quite know the clinical domain. And that was a conversation point in more than one, where
[20:55] Max Rascher: it's
[20:56] Sachil V: like you have technologists who want to come in with the technology but don't quite understand the domain. And it's quite clear to a lot of the biotech groups that are walking by and any who have conversations with them. I'm not sure if that fully answered your question. Was there any part that it didn't answer?
[21:14] Max Rascher: Yeah, I think one of the things, and I think I saw this very early on in the AI space, but I think it's definitely representative of almost all industries right now, is that with AI, it's brought it up to a level to where the average level, the average of everyone is already higher. And
[21:32] Sachil V: when this
[21:32] Max Rascher: kind of like dust settles, that is where you will see like the experts truly kind of emerge again. And if you are there a couple people that are doing it well, that maybe I don't want to say that you would like to shout out your competitors, but shout out the customers that are trusting in some of these companies or taking a risk with them or is that something that you don't really want to cover?
[21:58] Sachil V: I think it's a possibility, to be frank. I don't know how well it would work, but I don't see anything inherently wrong with that because, yeah, like you said, don't want to necessarily shout out the competitor, but you know, shouting out companies who are kind of taking the initiative and working with pilots, you know, I think that could be something, especially
[22:21] Max Rascher: since
[22:22] Sachil V: in some of these cases, obviously we don't know who is who in this case,
[22:26] Max Rascher: but
[22:26] Sachil V: some of those cases, they can be open to more than one pilot on something similar. Like even in a couple of the conversations we had at Scope, it's not that they didn't ever see what we were doing before, but it's like, you know, it's still early and you know, we work with someone, we've seen some results, but maybe we can work with someone else. So that might work.
[22:47] Max Rascher: Got
[22:47] Sachil V: it.
[22:48] Max Rascher: All right. Getting into more technical or more of like the products work, I'm interested in what is your perspective on the build versus buy breakdown? So last time in our content interview, you mentioned that some teams are trying to build solutions internally. If you could walk me through why some of these internal builds fail and what do teams consistently underestimate about building internally?
[23:15] Sachil V: Sure.
[23:17] Max Rascher: Let me rephrase that. If you could give it to me in a way that was like the playbook for knowing when you should build versus when you should why. And taking those previous questions into consideration,
[23:33] Sachil V: That is interesting. I would have to probably have to think on that one a little bit. The overall landscape, I'll say, is the higher slash more enterprise you get, the more they're leaning towards build internally first. In fact, most of them already have to some extent. And why that fails? It's a lot of reasons, to be honest. I don't know them well enough, I would say, to post about them, but. Just from my estimation and the little bit that I've seen, it comes down to just it takes a lot of stuff. I mean, the kind of teams that they get there are more like contractor like knowledge is very disparate. It's not that they're getting, you know, top engineers in a lot of cases. Not that I want to say that,
[24:23] Max Rascher: but
[24:25] Sachil V: that is kind of the case. And I've even interviewed some from there. So it's a combination of that plus getting the actual business domain knowledge, getting the approvals necessary in these larger take long. Well, so even if you do have somewhere access to that data that could be useful to
[24:42] Max Rascher: build,
[24:42] Sachil V: getting it takes a while and implementing it takes a while. So it's just all these little pieces, they're more nimble and they're more direct because that is their focus,
[24:51] Max Rascher: literally. Yeah. And I think, just to relay the point, I think it's almost in every industry that like the smaller clients are more agile and nimble, they're paying you the smaller bucks and they need a lot of back and forth. Whereas, like the big industries will just throw money at the wall and see kind of what sticks. Next question. I'm interested in your perspective on the integration tax. So, like when a clean ops team adds a new tool to their stack, what's kind of like the hidden integration cost that doesn't really show up in just like a pricing page from a vendor's website?
[25:29] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah, that's definitely a big one. And it depends a lot on the system from our perspective. One of the things we like to kind of tell our clients and potential customers is that this is a very low integration tax in terms of it is fit for their workflows. They literally just log in and then kind of just go on their way. In terms of researching, in terms of authoring, very similar to how they would for systems in general. It kind of depends on the system. A lot of them do require some level of change management in terms of, hey, I used to do things in an XYZ fashion or this order. Now I have to do it in this way. Then you have to basically not just have the vendor train, but even then internally, more than once kind of reiterate, hey, this is how things need to be done. Even the vendor might have to retrain more than once. And even I would say for our product a little bit. It does apply less so in the application part, but the AI part, because not everyone, of course, is as up to date in AI as we are. Right. We live it. So sometimes we overestimate you know, how many people actually use AI and the ways they use it, but it's like, more than once, kind of giving them an understanding of, hey, here's the best way to use this tool. Even if they understand the functionality of it, getting the value out of it is also a part of that.
[26:49] Max Rascher: Got it. Next one. And this. I. I often like questions more than others, and oftentimes I say this is my favorite question. To be honest,
[27:00] Sachil V: I
[27:00] Max Rascher: love the question. I don't know if it's my favorite one. But it's up there. The next one is burn rate versus trial speed. So you know, obviously you know the industry better than I do, but you see biotech spending anywhere from million dollars a year to a couple million dollars a month on R D but
[27:18] Sachil V: are
[27:18] Max Rascher: refusing to invest 200k in Ops Infra that would kind of save them six months.
[27:23] Sachil V: Why do you.
[27:24] Max Rascher: So
[27:24] Sachil V: true
[27:25] Max Rascher: Max. Why
[27:26] Sachil V: do you
[27:26] Max Rascher: think that this mental model
[27:27] Sachil V: is
[27:28] Max Rascher: kind of so broken and what's your take
[27:30] Sachil V: on that? That is a fantastic question. It might be my favorite question. You know, I think, and again, this is not just pure like my personal take, it's not vetted by any stats or anything. But from what I can tell, I think a part of it really is there is a bigger mental block in terms of if I was to move forward with this, the amount of time I would have to spend and the amount that I might get out. There's so much like fear and concern around that versus the reality of even if you do engage and things fail, it's not as bad as what's
[28:11] Max Rascher: probably
[28:12] Sachil V: in their head in terms of oh, if I was to move forward and I, I've seen, because that's a great point that funding wise, I mean even some of the smaller companies we talk to, they are very well funded
[28:24] Max Rascher: and
[28:25] Sachil V: the kind of cost that we are looking at for this platform is far lower than what can he, I mean below NFT basically. And even then there is definitely a level of mental thing of like, well you know what, we really have to evaluate this. We have to make sure that we can really use it and we got to make sure that you know, we can fully trust you rather than thinking, you know what, this looks cool, this looks promising and you know what, even if it doesn't work out in six months and it goes awry, you know what? Not that much was lost.
[28:57] Max Rascher: That's
[28:57] Sachil V: not really their mindset.
[28:59] Max Rascher: Got it. Yeah. If it's your favorite question, then it's my favorite
[29:03] Sachil V: question as well.
[29:06] Max Rascher: Next question. And again, let me know if you want to shoot this one down. I'm not sure if there's an interesting take here, but sure there's, there's something around the lines of and you see it in almost every industry and I'm sure it's relevant for the clean ops industry as well. But like the series A kind of death trap and what's kind of like the clean offs mistakes that you see almost every series A biotech firm that kills them before they even make it to series B. And if there is a pattern. Why do you think that this pattern repeats itself?
[29:37] Sachil V: Interesting. I would again say on this one, definitely vet this. Based on more research than just my knowledge. But I think one thing I can say I've seen is. Or one thing I do know is in. In that early stage, the whatever one to two trials they're running, that is their lifeblood. It is. I mean, it's a do or die. If it doesn't go well, it's over for them. I mean, they're
[30:06] Max Rascher: probably
[30:06] Sachil V: not going to be able to move forward. And so one of the challenges I've seen is
[30:11] Max Rascher: that
[30:13] Sachil V: when you are kind of very focused on making those succeed, you don't really have time or want to take the risk to evaluate platforms that can help you. It's very much just I want to try to execute the best I can in the best way I know how, even if it's more manual and that ends up taking more time. And then once you get to the results, then it's just up to the results to say, you know what, the compound you had did in fact work out great, now you move forward. Or if they didn't, you know what, it's over. And you never, along the way really got to speed that process up, find certain design flaws early on, or really change that much and optimize that much about your existing trials.
[30:56] Max Rascher: Yep, Satchel, I'm going to say it again. You're one of the easiest clients to work with. I love how I can just spitball and you just go with valuable insights. Next question that I have. So in all industries, obviously clean offs as well, AI regulation is coming. What will obviously the FDA is eventually going to regulate something in these clinical trials. What is kind of your prediction on the timing? What do you think it's going to look like and how do you think that the team should prepare for this to come?
[31:31] Sachil V: I think the main thing I could probably see is once automation continues to expand, as it inevitably will, there will be, I think, noticeably more direct sort of regulation on AI outputs. Because earlier on, and I assume this is still the case, I haven't seen anything or heard anything to change this. But earlier on, when Gen AI started kind of getting into mainstream, the FDA gave its opinion that it doesn't necessarily need to be super regulated because of the fact that the human is always in the loop. It is the human who has to verify the outputs, still make sure whatever document comes, data is good to go. But as and when, if people continue to automate and then the human gets a little bit more out of the loop and more things get completed, then it's like, well, then you have a different level of regulation that needs to be associated to that. So that I'm not sure how that'll play out, but that'll be a very big difference in terms of governance.
[32:36] Max Rascher: Got it. Well, I'll draft out the post and if you want to add something to it, if we want to scrap it. That's fine as well.
[32:42] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah. I'll just. These are the kind of things I'll also run by AI just to make sure, you know,
[32:47] Max Rascher: that
[32:47] Sachil V: the industry research backs what my head is thinking. Yeah.
[32:51] Max Rascher: Yeah. So,
[32:51] Sachil V: yeah.
[32:53] Max Rascher: Next question is the. And again, I feel like I'm saying this almost every question, but this is relevant to almost every industry
[33:00] Sachil V: but
[33:00] Max Rascher: the overqualified hire. Problem. So why do you think that some of the most credentialed clean ops leaders, ex Pfizer, ex Novartis, completely fail at small biotechs? And what skills do you think are unable to be transferred.
[33:28] Sachil V: Purely from an assumptive basis? I think that it's kind of a, like you said, natural to any industry
[33:34] Max Rascher: where
[33:35] Sachil V: if you are leaving a large company, there is just a level of security and access to resources that you just do not have at a small company. And being able to work around very
[33:49] Max Rascher: real
[33:50] Sachil V: hard constraints as a small company, I think that's something that is just, it's unique to a small company. No matter how much you've been in that industry. Domain knowledge, I'm sure a lot of it does
[34:02] Max Rascher: transfer.
[34:04] Sachil V: And you know, it's not to say that they aren't good at what they do. It's just even if you have, let's say, some sort of barriers in terms of timeline, timelines, getting something from someone else, getting approval in the larger companies, there are very different challenges that come with a small org and it just, it requires an uncanny amount of just being able to pivot constantly thinking hey, how can I be more efficient? I mean it's literally waking up every day and saying hey what, what is it that I can be doing a little bit differently if something is not working?
[34:35] Max Rascher: Yeah, I, we one of my clients and we got off a content interview last week and he does, he helps remote hiring
[34:43] Sachil V: and
[34:43] Max Rascher: in his previous job I think he scaled it from like he's the second employee and then eight years later I think they were at 200 million. 200, 200 million or 2 billion. I don't remember the exact numbers
[34:55] Sachil V: but
[34:56] Max Rascher: he was telling me and he's like, he's like we at a point we, we saw a pattern within product managers at Apple that when you brought them to these smaller companies
[35:07] Sachil V: they
[35:07] Max Rascher: were just good at managing and they didn't actually know what the hell they were talking
[35:11] Sachil V: about.
[35:12] Max Rascher: Yeah,
[35:12] Sachil V: so
[35:12] Max Rascher: yeah, I was, I, I thought maybe it was something that we could talk about there. Again, if you want to add anything more, we can do that.
[35:20] Sachil V: I think maybe that post wouldn't apply as well here. Not in the sense, not true because I think it does ironically it is that like multiple hats thing at a small company. It just doesn't apply into large. It's just, I'm not sure how well that will like go over in the audience.
[35:35] Max Rascher: Yeah, no worries. This one also, maybe I'm not sure but in your perspective, do you think that there's kind of like a publication bias in cleanup. So, like, everyone publishes their trial successes? What's kind of like the failure rate that nobody talks about? And what are the common causes of just outright trial failures in your world?
[36:03] Sachil V: To be honest, I'm not sure I'd be able to talk about that. I don't know enough to talk about that. Originally, when you were saying that, I actually thought you were heading more in the case study zone of publications of case studies, of, hey, this platform did this and this was the result, which I would say there definitely is a bias there. Now, I can't exactly argue against it. Of course, there is a lot of value in having someone else done it and seeing the true results rather than someone coming up to you and saying, hey, here's a demo. But I think maybe a little bit on that to be said is that you don't necessarily need the full publication and case study to realize value out of some of these platforms.
[36:47] Max Rascher: I
[36:48] Sachil V: mean, in our example, anyways, a lot of times we will actually take their content, we'll sign a cda, we'll get their protocol or something to that effect, and we'll actually generate some output for them, either live or separately, and let them know, hey, here, here's what the output looks like for that. And I think being able to kind of work with these clients even early on informally, just giving them a little bit of outputs that are directly tailored to what they do, should be and could be or should be valuable for them to get that credibility.
[37:26] Max Rascher: Got
[37:26] Sachil V: it.
[37:28] Max Rascher: Next question. And if you notice, the last two questions were kind of like the. It was a little bit negative, but I wanted to kind of uplift some of the things that are negative within your industry that people don't even talk about whatsoever.
[37:41] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah, no
[37:42] Max Rascher: worries. Yeah, the next one is the last kind of negative angle towards this and
[37:47] Sachil V: let me
[37:47] Max Rascher: know if you want to shoot it down. In a lot of fields and I think just selling in general for Clinops, is there any accuracy to the fact that medical writing is essentially storytelling and how much of this clinical trial success is actually just better medical writing and data presentation versus the actual molecule or procedure working better than the other?
[38:17] Sachil V: Again, honestly, that is something I would have to research myself.
[38:22] Max Rascher: I
[38:22] Sachil V: think there is a degree to that at a very high level. Sure, that that plays a part, but I would definitely have to research that to vet it
[38:31] Max Rascher: further.
[38:32] Sachil V: Got it.
[38:32] Max Rascher: But, you know,
[38:33] Sachil V: interesting
[38:33] Max Rascher: direction. You know that I come prepped with two times the amount of topics just for
[38:38] Sachil V: that reason.
[38:38] Max Rascher: No,
[38:38] Sachil V: yeah, yeah, I, I
[38:39] Max Rascher: appreciate
[38:40] Sachil V: it. Helps keep me on my toes too.
[38:43] Max Rascher: Hey,
[38:43] Sachil V: we're all
[38:43] Max Rascher: learning from each other
[38:44] Sachil V: here. Exactly.
[38:46] Max Rascher: Next topic. So if you were to give a new director of Clean Ops kind of like three to five rules to follow things to look out for, what would they be? And I can restructure it in a way. If we, if the hand of God came and picked you up by the hair satchel and put you in a new company, like brand new company, what would be kind of like your things going forward slash a side question of like if you had to reset your career, what would be the three things that you would absolutely put as like a manifesto to what you do going forward?
[39:29] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah. I think from my perspective one of the biggest things would actually of course be vendor selection slash, vendor management. I think I, I'm someone who thinks eight more in terms of long term systems than, you know, short term hits. And so the way I would look at it is I would take a look at, if we have upcoming trials, I would want to select vendors and prepare for a level of scalability rather than just, oh, the CRO will take care of our needs for now, so let's just do that and get it over with. I would rather spend a little bit of extra time and really put together some pieces that would allow us to quickly not just complete that trial, but really scale towards, let's say a phase two. Plus let's say I end up in a partnership with someone else for phase one while this phase one to phase two is going on and make sure that these, the vendors I've selected easily allow us to do that. I think the other parts of clean ops I wouldn't know as well in terms of their exact day to day that I would do differently outside of the general kind of, kind of keeping tabs, project management, best strats, ensuring that, you know, if there are any, let's say, fires or anything of that nature, kind of looking at the root of the problem rather than just the symptom. But that's kind of a general industry wide thing, right? You never want to just keep putting out fires without kind of making sure you understand what goes behind them. But outside of that, I
[41:16] Max Rascher: think
[41:18] Sachil V: it kind of goes hand in hand with vendor management. But also I would be a little, I'd want to be a little careful in outsourcing the, the kind of execution part. Of course there are some parts that will need to be outsourced, but I would be a little bit more on the side of how can we build a strong internal team, even if it's on the smaller side, and still execute a lot of the core pieces in house.
[41:49] Max Rascher: Got it. Next one. And let me know if it's something that just everyone knows and there's not really like a nuanced take to this, but I want to pick your mind on ghost trials. So some clinical trials that are registered but never. Actually enroll a single patient. How common is this and what's kind of like the real story, if there is one behind these?
[42:13] Sachil V: You know, I actually not sure how common they are. I mean, I have seen a few that seem active but just literally don't have enrolled patients. And even though they might be listed as enrolling, you know, just haven't really moved in a while. But I'm not sure how common
[42:32] Max Rascher: they are
[42:34] Sachil V: or how impactful they are, frankly.
[42:37] Max Rascher: Got it. Next one. And I still think that this is especially for more of the traditional industries, the Excel dependency crisis, as in we're in 2026. Everyone and their mother and their grandmother has AI tools in 2026. Right now, how many of these clinical trials are still being managed primarily in Excel? Why hasn't this changed and when do you think the time period is in which it will change?
[43:09] Sachil V: I think a big part of why it hasn't changed is really just familiarity. I think with any new technology or platform, no matter how much value it can provide and potential, it just, it undeniably takes a learning curve. And even with something like AI, as helpful as it can be, there are always areas where it won't be as helpful.
[43:33] Max Rascher: And
[43:34] Sachil V: I think there's always going to be people who focus on how much can't be helped and then use that to drive them to say, you know what, I'm not going to waste my time versus the other half,
[43:44] Max Rascher: who
[43:44] Sachil V: and half is a broad label, but the other side, who will kind of embrace it and they're okay with, okay, you know what, this didn't work out, but let me see what can work out and continue to
[43:55] Max Rascher: iterate.
[43:57] Sachil V: So
[43:57] Max Rascher: I think
[43:58] Sachil V: taking on and embracing that learning curve is a huge part. Being willing to spend time in that is
[44:04] Max Rascher: important.
[44:05] Sachil V: The other thing I think is when it comes to certain aspects of clinical trials, they do need an Excel sheet. And I think that there are certain cases, I would take the example of a CRF where we can apply AI in a way that they know, they still know what they're doing. It's very ingrained in their workflow. But you have the assistance of AI, so you're still working in a spreadsheet, but the AI can interpret that spreadsheet and help you make changes. Does
[44:36] Max Rascher: that
[44:36] Sachil V: make sense? I think that would be helpful.
[44:39] Max Rascher: Yeah. This one I want to kind of like go against. I know last time we were talking about if there was AI stigma and I think it was a great post and you answered it very well. This one I want to go more on the AI or the AI services that won't replace clinical research coordinators or clinops. What's kind of like the role that AI will never be able to replace. Place. And what's
[45:04] Sachil V: the
[45:04] Max Rascher: uniquely human thing about clinical operations that kind of you feel on either day to day or a month to month or year to year basis?
[45:13] Sachil V: Yeah, that's a good question. One thing I can think of right off the top of my head is definitely managing site relationships and this is specific to monitors. Now we've of course talked a little bit about how we can help monitor surface data from fragmented pieces, understand their site's performance a lot quicker and even build let's say a visiting report and a plan to let's say, correct a site that is going off course. But ultimately what will never be replaced, I
[45:42] Max Rascher: would say,
[45:43] Sachil V: even if never is a strong word, is the actual human relationship of the monitor with the site. Right. Because the monitor actually goes to clinical sites and visits them like on site. They will fly
[45:54] Max Rascher: over
[45:54] Sachil V: and visit the physician, doctor, et cetera, whoever is in charge of that site. And that is what goes on there is very, very key to the success of the clinical trial. How they go about that relationship, how responsive they are, how much their domain knowledge helps impact whatever they work with the site on to, let's say if there's a protocol deviation, how they go about ensuring that the site is in compliance moving forward. So that human part of the relationship for
[46:23] Max Rascher: sure. Got it. Next one. And if your favorite question wasn't my favorite question, this definitely my favorite question with all of our clients industry non specific, this has been ripping. One of our clients posted one last week, I think it did like 800 reactions with over 300000 impressions on it.
[46:47] Sachil V: If
[46:47] Max Rascher: you could give me like either a year to year or maybe a period to period breakdown of your career journey so far as an individual. So I don't know if maybe like you got a success story. Like my first job was 16 working at McDonald's and then the next one was this,
[47:07] Sachil V: and the
[47:08] Max Rascher: next one
[47:08] Sachil V: was this,
[47:08] Max Rascher: the next one was this.
[47:09] Sachil V: If
[47:10] Max Rascher: you could share me a little bit of info, not too, too much because it's going to go. The format that we use is, is kind of like one line, one line, one line. Just kind of year by year saying age, this, I
[47:22] Sachil V: did this. This,
[47:23] Max Rascher: I did this.
[47:24] Sachil V: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Interesting. I can, I can give that. I'll just say maybe that's something I'll, I'll give Async like a little thought through. But yeah, I'm sure I can do that.
[47:41] Max Rascher: Got it.
[47:44] Sachil V: Or if I don't give it to you, just feel free to remind me.
[47:47] Max Rascher: Ping me. Yeah, yeah. And you've been you've been great about doing a qa, so I appreciate that.
[47:51] Sachil V: Yeah, no
[47:52] Max Rascher: worries. Next question. And also career journey adjacent. But, like, why did you choose clinical trials?
[48:02] Sachil V: Yeah. Great question. I think it is one of those areas. I mean, I came from a technology background. However, I think it's one of those areas where it is just greatly, greatly impactful to honestly, a broad audience, but particularly in some of the trials. I wouldn't even distinguish that some trials are more impactful than others because to each individual person, whatever problem they're having, it's very impactful. And it's just that I think traditionally I've seen technology, it's a similar thing to healthcare, where technology bridging into these industries is a little bit tougher. And I really wanted to see how
[48:47] Max Rascher: can we
[48:47] Sachil V: apply technology in a way where the people in this industry can really use it and benefit from it, whatever obstacles might be, whether it's, you know, some sort of, a lot of audits, trust and credibility issues, anything to that effect. You know, how can we kind of get over those barriers and really deliver technology that actually applies to these industries? Because a lot of very cool and new technology doesn't quite translate to industries like these as well. They need people who specifically understand this industry and apply that technology to the industry.
[49:22] Max Rascher: Got it. Well, we are coming up on the last one to two questions here, and then I'd love to give you back a couple minutes of your time, but
[49:28] Sachil V: if you
[49:29] Max Rascher: could, another framework or format that we've been testing out that we've had one very good success, another not so good success on, and let me know what you think about it.
[49:41] Sachil V: But like,
[49:42] Max Rascher: if you were to write a letter to your team, an emotional letter, kind of thanking each individual for their contributions or how they started off, and maybe you say that you didn't have too much thought for where they could go, Just kind of shouting out the team, shouting out some of the individuals, shouting out some of the projects that you guys have been working on, that would be awesome. And we can do a nice team photo if you have one, and
[50:11] Sachil V: we can
[50:11] Max Rascher: kind of seal it in the same way, like a letter dear from blah, blah, blah.
[50:16] Sachil V: I see. I think let's hold off on that one a little bit just to. To. Because we are a little bit in a team transition and we will actually be bringing someone on board. So I think that would be a good one maybe for a little bit later, especially as we've
[50:31] Max Rascher: expanded
[50:32] Sachil V: the product with clients a little bit, and then you can kind of directly correlate that success to something like that.
[50:38] Max Rascher: Got it. Well, in the last call, we talked about the real cost of delaying clinical trials. So I hope that these next eight minutes are almost as valuable as cost
[50:51] Sachil V: of a
[50:52] Max Rascher: clinical
[50:52] Sachil V: trial delay. I did want to add one note real quick from our side especially, and this is coming from basically our current client feedback and. How we've seen the industry really take a hold on the research trial design into protocol offering part. I think we will be focusing on our product a little bit more in that direction for the time being. And so for posts, just as a general note, I would love we can get a couple kind of very specific on
[51:22] Max Rascher: that
[51:23] Sachil V: and for example, like working on bringing in real world data to optimize trial design. That'll be a big part of our focus. And I think it would be helpful to also get some posts in on
[51:35] Max Rascher: that. Yeah, if you want to shoot me an audio with some of your thoughts on it, I can draft those out for sure.
[51:43] Sachil V: Sure. Sounds good. Awesome.
[51:46] Max Rascher: Have a great rest of your day and enjoy the very valuable seven minutes of your time,
[51:50] Sachil V: man. Thank
[51:51] Max Rascher: you.
[51:51] Sachil V: Appreciate it. You too,
[51:52] Max Rascher: Max. Have a good one.
[51:54] Sachil V: By.
