[0:00] Melissa McMillan: It. I know you're saying about the incense. I just. I had it a little bit closer to me than this for a little bit and I was like, damn, I can't breathe well. And it's like it depends where you are in the room and like where the airflow is. So it wasn't always even necessarily like that. But I feel like I got. I got myself at an angle this morning where it was just like a perfect flow right into my face was like when the. You know, like when the wind is facing you at the campfire and you have to like get to the other side that vibe. Right. And then it moves again. That has definitely happened many a time. I'm going to ping Mark because he wasn't seeing it last time. Okay. I'll give him until five minutes past. I'm just typing it out but I'm not sending in yet. Someone wants to join this call. Let's just start flop. Hey, Mark. How's it going?
[8:38] Mark Hensley: Hello, guys. Sorry, I had a meeting. Go just a little bit long.
[8:43] Melissa McMillan: No worries at all. Thank you so much for taking the time to chat. We just wanted to do another little bit of a kind of content sync,
[8:50] Mark Hensley: because
[8:50] Melissa McMillan: we've started on your drafts and just kind of need some more to spice it up and really get things where they need to be.
[8:57] Mark Hensley: So
[8:57] Melissa McMillan: I'll let Max ask the questions per usual. But like I said, just want to beef it up a bit. Yeah. Okay. Take a little bit more of like a personal approach for this one to tap into your joint journey. Probably shouldn't take more than 10, 15 minutes. So we can give you back some how to go. Okay, amazing. First question would be. So we want to tap into like your career journey and how kind of biostats or Hensley Biostats is like the one that really made you shift. So if you tell me a little bit more about working or what you went from working at the Bench as a molecular biologist to
[9:42] Mark Hensley: becoming
[9:42] Melissa McMillan: a biotechian, what kind of moment in your journey and maybe if you could like, tell me a little bit about your journey, maybe like, what was the one that made you realize that like the biggest bottleneck in drug development wasn't in the lab, it was kind of in the data or if you want to share something adjacent to kind, how you came to where you are today.
[10:03] Mark Hensley: Yeah, I wouldn't say it was driven by philosophy, scientific philosophy, so much as it was just driven by my own personal experience. So
[10:16] Melissa McMillan: I was
[10:17] Mark Hensley: working at the Bench on really cool technology. I was working on viral vectors for gene therapy. So like delivering in therapeutic genes into people who have genetic disorders. And it sounded so cool. But the reality of working at the bench for 12 hours a day just didn't. Didn't satisfy me intellectually in the right kind of way. And as I was doing that, I realized that the designing of the experiments and then the analyzing of the data and being really careful about that was really what was the most stimulating part for me. And some of my mentors in the lab were telling me, you know, of course you need to design your experiments carefully, but like, you're spending too much time on this. You just need to like, come up with an idea and then quickly get into the lab and just start working. And then when it came to the data analysis, the line was often,
[11:17] Melissa McMillan: max, he's right here next to me, so it's okay. He's hearing. We've been having some wonky wi fi in the office today, but don't worry, he's right here.
[11:28] Mark Hensley: And on. On the data analysis side, oftentimes my, my mentors would say, you don't need to get into very involved statistics. If the experiment really worked, it'll be clear. Don't worry about more complicated statistical models. And I was always thinking, but, you know, I. I'm interested in that. I want to get into that. So that made me realize, in combination with the, the presentation that I went to that I mentioned before as a sort of a foundational presentation about a big clinical trial that happened on an.
[15:02] Melissa McMillan: Mistake that you see even with experienced teams that could kind of either kill their FDA submission or could kill the process of clinical trials. If you could detail that. Me at that a little bit more.
[15:17] Mark Hensley: Just a point of clarification. Typically we don't, we don't need to advertise this exactly. But typically we don't work with companies that are larger than about 500 just because they often have the internal resources they need. So maybe it would still be helpful to say we've worked with very large companies just
[15:39] Melissa McMillan: to,
[15:40] Mark Hensley: you know, exaggerate a little bit. But
[15:42] Melissa McMillan: to
[15:43] Mark Hensley: the point. Sorry, Melissa.
[15:46] Melissa McMillan: Oh, saying can't hurt. Yeah.
[15:49] Mark Hensley: To the point of your question, I suppose there are a couple of different issues. The biggest issue is just not, not planning carefully enough at the start of things. So I think maybe I mentioned, mentioned before the idea of, you know, measure three times, cut once. So when you're designing your study, you want to really think carefully about all the different sorts of outcomes you want to measure. Think into the future as you progress through clinical trials to final potential approval. Are the things that we're looking at as primary outcomes the most important things to look at or are we going to find in the end that the regulatory bodies would actually prefer us to be looking at a different outcome? And that's going to require lots of reworking of things. So yeah, that, that kind of careful planning of the early stages of what you're measuring and what the implications of that will be in the long term for approval and going to market that, that's probably one of the biggest things. And then one other thing that's a little bit more nuanced from the perspective of using a biostats consultancy. Well, most of our clients understand how to use us and ask us big picture questions and give us the wiggle room to, you know, make strategic, give strategic advice. But a few times we've had clients who were really confident that they knew exactly what they wanted and they didn't really want to engage with us in the more free flowing, creative planning aspect of things. You know, they knew the right answers. They just wanted us to plug and chug and you know, generate the tables and, you know, just do our stats and give it back to them. And sometimes we disagreed that their plans were the best, but they, they weren't open to having those conversations. They just wanted us to do it the. Their way. And at some point, you know, you, you have to make a decision about whether you're, you're going to do what the client wants in a way that you think isn't the best approach, or if you're going to push back and how hard are you going to push back. So those sorts of situations can create complexity and it's valuable for a client to understand, you know, what is the value that a consultant can, can provide in this kind of way.
[18:31] Melissa McMillan: Got it. I like that one. All right, now really getting into the personal side. So one point of personal branding is that especially if any of these other individuals at these larger companies, if you share any kind of unique hobbies or interests with. We were going through LinkedIn and we saw that outside of biostats, that you're a classical pianist, a mountaineer,
[19:00] Mark Hensley: and
[19:00] Melissa McMillan: you write as well. So I was thinking if, maybe if like from my side, usually sometimes one of the things that I enjoy doing is I enjoy sewing and making pants and suits and things that really suit me well.
[19:14] Mark Hensley: And
[19:14] Melissa McMillan: sometimes for the moment, I will be thinking about nothing and then, you know, I'll relate it back to work and I'll come up with like a new creative moment or something like that. If there has been any point in your life in which you have had something like that happen, where you were on a mountain or you were playing piano and you got like a breakthrough, maybe share that story. If not, talk more about kind of your personal side and how like you really like to separate kind of like a work life balance and share kind of like why you're interested in some of these things.
[19:49] Mark Hensley: Yeah, so there's a lot of, a lot of directions to go with that. We could probably get a number of posts out of it. The mountaineering thing is like an obvious allegory to aspiring to the peaks of scientific integrity. And I don't know if you realized, but my company logo, which sort of looks like a normal distribution, a standard, like statistical kind of icon, is actually the outline of Mount Rainier.
[20:19] Melissa McMillan: Oh my gosh.
[20:20] Mark Hensley: Playing a double role of like reflecting our geographic, or I guess a triple role reflecting our geographic location, my interest in mountains, and then also just evoking a normal distribution, which is a central thing within stats. Oh
[20:34] Melissa McMillan: my gosh, that's right there. I love that.
[20:37] Mark Hensley: So, yeah, that could be a post for
[20:38] Melissa McMillan: sure.
[20:40] Mark Hensley: And then, you know, I always wonder how much to get into this really personal stuff that doesn't relate to science as directly. But like, if we want to, you know, I've been to Nepal a number of times, and I have aspirations in the next few years to try to do a first ascent of a couple of. 6 kilometer peaks that, like, have never been climbed by anybody. I, I have a few lined up as possibilities. In fact, one of the ones on my list was recently climbed by another group last year by exactly the line that I imagined when I, when I was there looking at it last time, I was thinking, you know, you could go up anyway. I think that way is the best way. And they, they went the way that I envisioned. So, you know, there's plenty of allegory there for aspiring for great heights and for being a trailblazer and figuring out your way when there's uncertainty and when there's risk of either life and limb or risk of, you know, trial failure or whatever, other sorts of phrasings we'd like to use for the scientific side of things. So that's something. Another angle we could take is I often do my mountaineering around Washington because I go out most weekends and have some kind of adventure with one of my buddies who I went to graduate school with, who is also like a public health research professor.
[22:13] Melissa McMillan: So
[22:13] Mark Hensley: as we're climbing mountains, we'll sometimes be talking through the technical details of problems we're struggling with. What is the right statistical model here? Here's what I'm facing with this weird distribution. What, what, what approach do you think I should make? Should we use a certain kind of transformation? You know, all of those kinds of technical questions.
[22:37] Melissa McMillan: Do you maybe have a selfie of you guys on a mountain?
[22:40] Mark Hensley: Oh, I, I have tons of photography of, of us
[22:43] Melissa McMillan: climbing
[22:44] Mark Hensley: mountains.
[22:44] Melissa McMillan: You gotta send us a couple highlights that we can use
[22:47] Mark Hensley: because
[22:48] Melissa McMillan: the,
[22:48] Mark Hensley: the
[22:49] Melissa McMillan: selfies, you know, with him or a selfie with him on a mountain. Seems like it'd be a lot of fun, even just a nice picture if you have one of like Mount Rainier.
[22:58] Mark Hensley: I'm
[22:59] Melissa McMillan: thinking of something like that. Maybe with the logo. You know, a side by side could be really
[23:04] Mark Hensley: interesting.
[23:04] Melissa McMillan: Okay. But, yeah, I don't want to derail us, but I'm, I'm getting ideas for photos that could be added that'd be a lot of
[23:10] Mark Hensley: fun.
[23:11] Melissa McMillan: Yeah, let's do it. One last final question and.
[23:17] Mark Hensley: Oh, a little bit more. So, you know, we can dig into mountaineering a lot. I think there's lots of material there. You also mentioned the, the classical piano. I, it would certainly generate interest if I had a tiny clip of myself playing music. I don't know if that strays too far away from what is actually relevant in selling science or if that's interesting enough that it's worth posting. I guess I saw someone post a little while ago, a clip of himself racing in a quarter mile, like souped up car race. Totally unrelated to his science. But I engaged with it and I saw lots of people engaging with it.
[24:00] Melissa McMillan: So,
[24:00] Mark Hensley: you know, that's a thing.
[24:02] Melissa McMillan: People love that you're selling yourself too. Too, you know. Well, the thing is, Mark, is that when others zig, you got a zag. So you gotta be, you gotta stand out from the crowd. And a lot of times, I mean, I know somebody personally that he does copywriting and one of the things is that he posts, every Friday, he posts himself jamming out on a drum set. And I know for a fact that a few of his clients have converted just based off shared interests and shared hobbies.
[24:31] Mark Hensley: Right, well, that makes sense. And you know, classical piano is something that, you know, is socially elite and, you know, makes a person look impressive. So that, that could be something to lean into. I've had a number of clients in initial conversations notice that and say, oh, wow, isn't that interesting?
[24:50] Melissa McMillan: So
[24:51] Mark Hensley: love
[24:52] Melissa McMillan: that.
[24:52] Mark Hensley: And of course, you know, we can, we could go into things about how being a good classical piano player requires the same kind of careful planning and attention to detail and precision and, you know, all of these words that relate to both statistics and science research and preparing a classical performance.
[25:13] Melissa McMillan: Got it. One last topic before we have to bounce out. If you could kind of go back and give yourself one piece of advice before you were found or before when you were founding Hensley Biostats, what would it be? And what is some advice that you wish someone had given you about kind of working with these early stage biotech founders?
[25:37] Mark Hensley: That's a good question. I suppose one, one thing that could be relevant is, you know, everybody has a budget that they're working on and we're trying to work within that budget, trying to also address the needs that the client has. And sometimes the way the workflow is developing just turns out not to be efficient anymore. And so it's valuable to keep this large scale perspective and consider the possibility, not necessarily of changing the analysis or anything like that, because oftentimes clinical trials are preplanned. But if something about the communication workflow or how you're engaging with the client or something like that isn't working efficiently, allowing space for a reset and a check in with the client to say, hey, it seems like there may be some inefficiencies here. Do you see some ways that we could work differently to make sure that we're staying within your budget and addressing all of your needs as effectively as possible,
[26:59] Melissa McMillan: it's really good. And that's also a little bit of a doozy. So if after this call you think. Of anything else that we should maybe add to that, just ping it over.
[27:14] Mark Hensley: Okay? Okay, that sounds good. Melissa, I also shared with you an example. Do I have you. Your
[27:22] Melissa McMillan: Internet
[27:22] Mark Hensley: broke up. Okay. I also shared a couple days ago an example post of a potential client to target who was announcing, you know, opportunities. Did you want to talk through the strategy that might be involved in engaging
[27:40] Melissa McMillan: with
[27:41] Mark Hensley: someone like
[27:41] Melissa McMillan: that? Keith Hoffman, right? Athos. Athos Therapeutics. Right,
[27:48] Mark Hensley: right.
[27:49] Melissa McMillan: Yeah. So from what I saw, this was a very simple announcement that Athos Therapeutics has received FDA authorization to begin a multi center phase 2 clinical trial. Something with patients with ulcerative colitis, some real progress in the field of inflammatory bowel disease. So all looks really positive and some solid engagement on this one. So is this the kind of thing that you would want to maybe do a post where we talk about this and celebrate this and at mention Keith and maybe Athos or what is your
[28:26] Mark Hensley: like
[28:26] Melissa McMillan: relationship?
[28:28] Mark Hensley: Well, so this is somebody. Actually, I don't, I don't even remember for sure if I am directly connected to him or if he's a second degree connection. And yeah, he. No, sorry, he's a first degree connection. I haven't really engaged with him a whole lot. My dripify just reached out to him and
[28:51] Melissa McMillan: we
[28:52] Mark Hensley: had had a brief exchange, but he doesn't really know me. We haven't yet worked together together. And so most of the things that I would come across that that may present as opportunities would be this sort of thing where, you
[29:05] Melissa McMillan: know,
[29:06] Mark Hensley: someone's making an announcement. It could be an opportunity for me to swoop in and say, hey, congrats on the thing. How are you, how are you situated for biostat support? So is, is that the sort of opportunity where you would think a call out would be relevant or given that we don't
[29:22] Melissa McMillan: have
[29:23] Mark Hensley: too personal of a connection, is that not appropriate?
[29:27] Melissa McMillan: No, no, no, no. So we will do this with people that you've never been in touch with at all. We'll do this with people that maybe are in your sales funnel and have stalled out. You know, like maybe they went ghost after a few calls and you would really like to re engage them. So the fact that this isn't somebody that you, you know, are already super in touch with is in no way an issue at all. But Max, I'll let you, you know, fire away if you have any questions specific to what you might want to put in a post saying essentially, you know, congratulations Keith and team at Athos Therapeutics. You know, this is an exciting milestone. Do you think, Mark, would you have maybe a couple other people that have recently received authorization and maybe we could call out a couple of them in a row.
[30:17] Mark Hensley: This, this kind of thing isn't announced super frequently on, on LinkedIn. You know, I, I can start collecting this information because for, for this account based marketing, it'll be valuable to have a list of these sorts of things.
[30:31] Melissa McMillan: But I,
[30:32] Mark Hensley: I just become aware of it on sort of an ad hoc basis. So you
[30:37] Melissa McMillan: know,
[30:38] Mark Hensley: maybe it would develop that eventually we would have a list of several that got approval at a similar time, but that can't necessarily be guaranteed.
[30:48] Melissa McMillan: Awesome. All right, well in that case, if you want to just detail a little bit more about like why it's important, what you think about it and how like the team is a good team or something, if you know any decision makers within the company. Excuse me, that would be, that would be awesome. We can do a single target ABM post for
[31:06] Mark Hensley: this one. So I, I, like I said, I only had my drip. If I reach out to this CEO character, I don't know anybody else within the company. I don't think they put out this announcement that is linked to a news article. Since they're working on a phase or they're starting a phase two trial now, that means they finished a phase one trial. The materials for that phase one trial are probably accessible somewhere on the Internet.
[31:34] Melissa McMillan: So, you know.
[31:36] Mark Hensley: Okay, I'm interested to hear what you guys would recommend. But like if I were designing the post and I'm trying to express myself as a, like a nuanced biostatistician, I would think that reviewing the phase one trial and sort of commenting on some, some of the results that they saw from it and saying, you know, this, this seems like it was a well designed trial. Excited to see what develops in phase two. If I were designing it, I might be inclined towards, you know, XYZ approach, maybe that would be a good angle to, to you know, build demonstration of expertise.
[32:17] Melissa McMillan: Yeah. Okay. In that case, do you want us to draft the post out while you're taking the phase one and then you can come with some insights for the draft.
[32:27] Mark Hensley: Okay, so you know, we're doing this whole like ramp up phase right now and as far as the, the regular like three times a week posts, that's still a few weeks out. Right, but are you saying that you would be able to, to do a one off post about this sometime sooner? We could actually aim for posting about this guy.
[32:49] Melissa McMillan: You do have, every month you have access to two blitz posts which are time sensitive
[32:55] Mark Hensley: posts where
[32:55] Melissa McMillan: you and I can a short call and can get it out as soon as possible.
[32:59] Mark Hensley: Okay. Okay, that's good to know.
[33:02] Melissa McMillan: Yeah. So this would be a great blitz post since it's. Newsworthy, timely, you know, kind of stuff. And in terms of when we'll have some drafts for you to review, we're gonna of course, go focus on that one because it is timely. So we're gonna get that one going for asap. As for the rest of the drafts, max, do you have like an estimate? I feel like today we definitely got a lot more so to. To fill some of the gaps that we were seeing. Yeah, Mark, we'll send over the first couple drafts just to align on tone of voice and technicality and everything after that. I think we could probably have the first batch whenever we're able to get the first couple sample posts. Qa typically like a week after that where we would have the whole batch out planned in ordinal based on the content, strategies and pillars that we aligned on.
[33:55] Mark Hensley: Okay. Okay, that sounds good.
[33:58] Melissa McMillan: Perfect. And with this timely post, the splits post that we're going to be doing, I'm sure it'll wind up being mostly async,
[34:06] Mark Hensley: but
[34:07] Melissa McMillan: that one excluded, since it's a little bit of a unique process of its own. We will want to do either at our regularly scheduled time or, you know, earlier than that. For our first QAs, it's good to hop on a call and just kind of QA live together. So we'll spend some time looking at everything together, kind of talking it through, and then, you know, we kind of can transition to async once we've had those conversations and got a little bit more insight. But for the first batch of standard posts, we like to have a live qa,
[34:38] Mark Hensley: so
[34:39] Melissa McMillan: we'll just turn our regularly scheduled time into that or we'll find some additional time.
[34:45] Mark Hensley: I think for any posts where we're touching on stuff that includes technical stats verbiage, it can be helpful for me to have a little lead time to toggle the verbiage. So it's exactly right. But anything that's more speaking to personal motivations or backstories. Yeah, that's easy enough to QA just as we're talking.
[35:10] Melissa McMillan: Perfect. I'll send out the more technical samples beforehand so that we have a good amount of time. But just a heads up, we don't go live until all posts from that first batch are qu q8 and we have a full month ahead. Okay.
[35:23] Mark Hensley: Okay, so we'll have 1212 posts, Q8 and ready to go.
[35:27] Melissa McMillan: Yeah, exactly. Awesome. Well, thank you so much, Mark. This was super helpful. I feel like we got a ton of really, really good info on this one. So we're gonna go back Max is going to do some writing and we'll be in touch asap, as we have some goodies for you to review.
[35:43] Mark Hensley: Okay,
[35:43] Melissa McMillan: sounds good.
[35:44] Mark Hensley: Awesome.
[35:45] Melissa McMillan: Have a great one. We'll talk soon. Bye.
