[0:05] Andrew Ettinger: Hello. Hey, guys.
[0:16] David Zou: Oh, man. I love your background, Andrew.
[0:21] Andrew Ettinger: Thanks. It's actually real. I always get asked if it's fake. It's actually real.
[0:25] David Zou: I know. That's how you know you're doing something right. All right, let's go. I'd love
[0:31] Emmett Chen-Ran: to see that.
[0:32] David Zou: Are you a
[0:33] Emmett Chen-Ran: big
[0:33] David Zou: daughter person?
[0:34] Andrew Ettinger: What's up?
[0:35] David Zou: Are you a big photographer? You're an art person? So there's just littered around your house?
[0:39] Andrew Ettinger: Nah, this now. Long story short, it was the middle of COVID and they just opened up New York. And so I was drunk walking around the Village after our brunch because everyone was out and open and all these galleries were like giving away their work because they had no people in there. And I this thing and I was like, that's really cool. And it was like literally like 80% off and it was still expensive. And I was like, all right, I'll take it. So it's like a 3D thing. Yeah. The back. This is just wallpaper that. Whatever. Anyway, so it looks cool,
[1:12] David Zou: but awesome. So I mean, introducing you to eachen. I'll let him take it from here. But Eminent and I are here really just to be another kind of set of eyes,
[1:23] Emmett Chen-Ran: but
[1:23] David Zou: also making sure that, you
[1:25] Emmett Chen-Ran: know,
[1:25] David Zou: we're here to make you
[1:26] Emmett Chen-Ran: feel
[1:26] David Zou: supported
[1:26] Emmett Chen-Ran: throughout this process. Yeah, I think, like, to give a bit more context, last time when David and I synced with you, I think the beginning of the week on like content and going forward, I think we did mention that, like, we're bringing someone with more specialized kind of like technical background. So one like understand your space better and to. And you should all caught up to date with like the previous calls and the previous, like comments that you left and like the feedback that you've left in Slack. So he's all caught up to date, we're hoping and really still going to be kind of like supporting from the background. But we feel pretty confident that with Yichen's background, he's like a CS major and makes his own tack and stuff, that he will be better suited to understanding and executing the goals that you have for the content strategy.
[2:19] Andrew Ettinger: Awesome. Great to meet
[2:20] Emmett Chen-Ran: you. I
[2:21] Andrew Ettinger: just want to be clear. I love Millie. I think she's fantastic and did great work. So I just want to make sure this is no negative reflection because I actually think she's incredible and all that. So I just want to make sure if so, like, I feel terrible because that is not it
[2:33] David Zou: at all.
[2:35] Emmett Chen-Ran: We're also trying to like, verticalize and like avoid context switching for our writers as much as possible. So
[2:41] Andrew Ettinger: we're
[2:41] Emmett Chen-Ran: like. Millie is focusing on, like, a different vertical each
[2:45] Andrew Ettinger: time.
[2:46] Emmett Chen-Ran: A different vertical.
[2:47] Andrew Ettinger: Cool. No worries. I just want to tell you, like, she's very high quality, in my opinion. So awesome. All right. Hey. How are
[2:52] Emmett Chen-Ran: you? And Yi? You're muted, but I think Yi Chen has prepared some specific questions for. For the next batch of content. And we're going to try to kind of intersperse the stuff that you did from the first batch with the more targeted stuff that we'll talk about in this interview.
[3:10] Andrew Ettinger: Great. Sounds good.
[3:12] Yichen Zeng: Yes. Okay. Yeah. Nice to meet you. As Emmett says, I do have a background in CS as well as writing literature. So I hope I can leverage my different backgrounds to be of.
[3:24] Andrew Ettinger: Do it for me. You know, more than me, man.
[3:26] Yichen Zeng: Just
[3:26] Andrew Ettinger: do it.
[3:27] Yichen Zeng: What do
[3:27] Andrew Ettinger: you need to interview me for?
[3:31] Yichen Zeng: Well, I would like to know about your specific experiences and hopefully we can use those to make
[3:38] Andrew Ettinger: some
[3:39] Yichen Zeng: cool content. Yeah. All right. Guess we can go straight into it. To begin, let's begin with this question. So from the past transcripts, I noticed a common theme which is overarching message, which is that bad voice experiences are viscerally in a sense, worse than bad texts. Could you walk me through maybe like a specific moment, something that you experienced or something customer showed you where voice AI interaction went so wrong that it stuck with you?
[4:14] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. Well, I'll give you an example. And again, I now know anything I'm saying here is quote unquote on the record, meaning it can
[4:21] Yichen Zeng: be used.
[4:22] Andrew Ettinger: So just to be very clear, okay? You know, there's one customer, so there's two. There's two aspects of this, right? There's one where the voice actually could
[4:31] Yichen Zeng: be
[4:32] Andrew Ettinger: factually correct, but it's so out of context that you're like, this shit isn't real and I don't trust it, right? The other is when it does something stupid. So the first thing is, you know, literally talking to a, you know, scientist in healthcare and. And the AI agent was pronouncing drug names the right way, but in a very robotic way, right? And so when you're going back and forth from the assistant being empathetic and having empathy to being a robot and switching back and forth, that context switching doesn't make a human feel like you really want to trust something on a mission critical decision, right? It subconsciously says this could be AI. I'm not sure what if this is right? You know what I mean? And if you think
[5:26] Yichen Zeng: about
[5:26] Andrew Ettinger: an
[5:26] Yichen Zeng: average
[5:27] Andrew Ettinger: patient, it could be our mother or
[5:30] Yichen Zeng: our
[5:30] Andrew Ettinger: parents or folks older than us. Honestly, if it was even me, like our us here, we'd laugh and say, okay, it's AI. But I don't know, would you think to yourself, maybe this thing's hallucinating? I don't know, you wouldn't feel as good, right? The
[5:44] Yichen Zeng: second
[5:44] Andrew Ettinger: thing is, you know, when you call into a call center. And all of the customer experience platforms are trying to design voice agents to handle all of the calls because it's well documented how much per call is into a call center. Right. So can you triage those and handle those and at the same time deliver the same or better customer satisfaction? Right? And obviously there's a massive ROI there when that agent is unable to detect, right, the right thing, where it needs to call an audible and send that person directly to an agent because they are so pissed off, right? You know, this is bad. And you take them through your systemized prompts and you don't act and think on your feet for maybe an emotion you weren't planned for, or a dialect you weren't planned for, or a tone or a rhythm that wasn't planned for that's not good for the end
[6:47] David Zou: user,
[6:48] Andrew Ettinger: right? And so that's one example where you actually don't care about the 20 or 25 or $30 per call cost to an agent or whatever that documented benchmark is, because that's what they're there for, right, to handle that stuff. And so agent, it's really hard, which means you really need to have that thing deeply fine tuned for all of these emotions, all of these dialects, all of these languages, right? And you know, it's hard. And I'm sure the way all four of us would call into a call center and complain, right, while it's all in English, would have different dialects and different tones and different rhythms and different ways in which we go about it. And that's the nuance here that has to be detected. And that's exactly where we play and what we're very excited about. Kind of where this is to going, going
[7:36] Yichen Zeng: and following up with that. Is there a, like, a specific, like, failure that in a voice AI system that you've seen in production, something that, like, is, you know, was extremely surprising and unexpected and no one could have predicted going wrong?
[7:53] Andrew Ettinger: Let me, let me think about that for a second because I don't have
[7:56] Yichen Zeng: anything on the
[7:56] Andrew Ettinger: top of my head,
[7:56] Yichen Zeng: but
[7:57] Andrew Ettinger: to close out on why everything I just told you is way worse than text. Because, you know, if you're using Claude to, you know, do some research and ultimately write, you know, a thesis on product strategy, whatever, if it uses some words you don't understand that may or may not be right, you're just sort of like, all right, like, I'm not using those words. It doesn't sound like me. I don't know if congruent is the right word, if congruency actually goes in this context or not. If it, you're just like, okay, whatever, and you check it and you change it or you ignore it and it's just not really that catastrophic. Right. So just to bring that back to our text was. I mean, candidly, I don't have a really good story for you, and I should probably find one on Voice AI failing. Because the reality is Voice AI is not in production in a really widespread manner. It's just that it's inflection point. Right. And everyone screamed at Alexa. Right. When she didn't listen to you all that well or whatever, but. Like it never really, you know, kind of maybe it turned the lights on when he wanted to play the music. But like, whatever, you laughed. It was just cool to have Alexa there. Right? You know, if you use voice to text and it sends a text that you shouldn't send, writer says things to people that you shouldn't say or whatever, like, okay, you know what I mean? So like,
[9:22] Yichen Zeng: you
[9:23] Andrew Ettinger: know, we're just now getting to the point where these things are going into production. So I can't
[9:28] Yichen Zeng: like
[9:28] Andrew Ettinger: say, oh, I called to order a gluten free hamburger and it sent me everything with gluten. Right. And I almost died and went to the hospital.
[9:37] Yichen Zeng: Like,
[9:37] Andrew Ettinger: I can't give you that right now.
[9:40] Yichen Zeng: Okay then.
[9:42] Andrew Ettinger: But what we can do
[9:43] Yichen Zeng: is
[9:43] Andrew Ettinger: lean on like how important all these things are as voice agents are proliferating. They're. They're going to handle as a primary interface a lot of human labor, a lot of human actions. And more importantly, you're going to see voice agents interacting with voice agents, right? Which is a whole
[10:00] Yichen Zeng: new
[10:00] Andrew Ettinger: world in addition to humanoids, right. So you are seeing now robots being deployed to the assembly lines and factory workers now controlling some of their things with a mobile device that's voice enabled, right? To say, no, stop. That package is like, you know, stuck or like, you know, whatever it is. And so now you actually have humans directing robots that previously actually don't even have any experience managing from that way, let alone with their voice. So you've got tone, rhythm, tander, all of that and the interaction with non humans. Right. And systems and very specific models that run for robotics. Right. So when you start to think about where all this goes, it's much more than just a silly voice agent.
[10:55] Yichen Zeng: Okay, Then, next question I have is also about the greater industry. So when you look at the current state of voice AI across the industry, the emergent, emergent industry, what is something that would frustrate is frustrates you is something that everyone or a lot of people are misinterpreting or getting wrong.
[11:33] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I mean, I think, I think people are underestimating how powerful voice is actually going to be and the widespread use of it inside of a multitude of applications. And I gave you a few, and I think the industry, not those building invoice, but maybe it's like the other side of the industry or like us as consumers or humans or employees are not really truly. Truly grasping how real voice AI is going to be, right? Which is both good for a lot of interactions, but it all has implications on security for deep fakes and deep clones and things like that, right? And so it's just something we have to be aware of. And so, you know, for me, I don't think everyone is understanding that as this becomes a primary interface for AI, which it is, and no one disagrees with that, it's going to become, you know, very real. And that in fact, when done right, which it will, many humans are actually going to enjoy speaking with voice AI over humans to perform some of their functions right when done right. And it's going to be fun, fun, fun to see we're on our way. We're not, you know, kind of quite there in mass, right? And you could think about the early days of ChatGPT, right, or LLMs in general, right? Where you know, it started to be good for basic questions and it was good for prompt response pairs and it was good for multi turn conversations, right? Then it got good for generating multimedia assets, then it got good at coding and all these specific things, right? Well, voice is going to follow the very same path, right? And you're seeing more and more open source models, you're seeing the performance of those models commoditized, meaning there's, you know, better and better models every day that perform better and better with, you know, more highly engaged voices and lower latency and all of the things required to make it seem very, you know, sound and natural. And in fact we released one of those models this week to actually run on devices so that app developers can plug this into their apps without having to run an API back to the cloud. They can use the native GPU inside of the phone.
[14:13] Yichen Zeng: But text has become a lot more advanced and has so many functionalities now. But in no way has text replaced like text. Text based models replaced humans. And you just said that like maybe people will enjoy interacting with voice AI more than they'll enjoy interacting with humans. That's sort of difficult to fathom. Like why exactly would that be?
[14:40] Andrew Ettinger: Well, textiles that replaced humans. But fundamentally the power of LLMs
[14:46] Yichen Zeng: is
[14:46] Andrew Ettinger: enabling new workflows to operate that previously weren't
[14:49] Yichen Zeng: possible.
[14:49] Andrew Ettinger: You think
[14:50] Yichen Zeng: about
[14:50] Andrew Ettinger: claw, you think about Claude work, you think about the whole open claw thing, you think about all of the agentic infrastructure which isn't directly tied to a text based LLM, but
[15:00] Yichen Zeng: it
[15:00] Andrew Ettinger: builds on that paradigm. I'm not here to say it's replacing humans because I
[15:04] Yichen Zeng: actually
[15:05] Andrew Ettinger: believe. What Elon says In the next 10 years, our economy, GDP is actually going to be, you know, he said the other
[15:13] Yichen Zeng: day,
[15:13] Andrew Ettinger: 10x what it is today. Like, I actually believe this is going to create a bigger economy, even though there will be some loss in general. So I think you're seeing all of that start to, you know, start to start to play true. I think when voice is done right, you know, you're going to be able to have the right level of conversation with the
[15:37] Yichen Zeng: agent
[15:37] Andrew Ettinger: on the other side
[15:39] Yichen Zeng: that
[15:40] Andrew Ettinger: understands you, that is empathetic, that
[15:43] Yichen Zeng: is
[15:43] Andrew Ettinger: helpful, that is knowledgeable, that understands you and your history and your profile and what they've done with you before. And
[15:52] Yichen Zeng: they're going
[15:52] Andrew Ettinger: to be able to do it much more quickly and provide
[15:57] Yichen Zeng: you
[15:57] Andrew Ettinger: with a higher level of service than you otherwise would. I'll give you a great example, right? It's a stupid example, right? You want to call your dermatologist, right? To get some medicine to reorder the most innocuous thing ever, like whatever, some
[16:12] Yichen Zeng: cream
[16:12] Andrew Ettinger: they gave you, the amount of layers you need to go through to actually get to the person at that place to actually order that is painful, right? Like, my dermatologist sold as part of this network. I got through the network to the here to there, to, a message to come back, all this crap. And guess what? I don't actually wind up doing it. It's annoying. And my wife
[16:32] Yichen Zeng: yells at me
[16:33] Andrew Ettinger: that I have, like, scab that I'm not taking care of, right? And I'm just like, well, fuck it, it's too annoying. If you could call and that agent, like, intercepted all of that workflow in the background. I actually knew that I called. This is what it was for. I was already authenticated and it was like, no problem, right? Just don't forget to take it on an empty stomach and,
[16:54] Yichen Zeng: you
[16:54] Andrew Ettinger: know, we'll send it to the Walgreens, I'm atomic, all that stuff.
[16:58] Yichen Zeng: Like,
[16:59] Andrew Ettinger: I would enjoy that a thousand times more, right? Thousand times more. Now, I probably need a therapist. I don't have one, but it's a topic for another day. But, you know, look, you know, will people enjoy talking to an AI therapist over a real therapist might be a bridge too far, right? I think people are still going to enjoy hearing that type of interaction. So I don't mean to suggest that this goes everywhere, but just like you had to reimagine these workflows everywhere, you're going to have to reimagine them with a voice and how they can be better. And that's what everyone's thinking about right now.
[17:31] Yichen Zeng: Wait, but. Okay, so in this specific example you provided with the medications, like, the reason that the entire process is smoother is because of sort of the, I guess, the intelligence of the model underlying the voice AI has. How does the voice AI itself, the voice component of this AI come into play to improve your experience? But you mentioned increased empathy. And is that sort of the. The thing that will the future that will distinguish in like, Lift voice, AI above human, you know, human callers. And human.
[18:11] Andrew Ettinger: We're focused on emotional intelligence. Right. And a lot of humans lack EQ to begin with. Right. Very, very, very poorly. And so for us, enabling these systems that have the right level of emotional intelligence. Right.
[18:30] Yichen Zeng: Is
[18:31] Andrew Ettinger: going to provide a step function change over the experience that many enjoy today in the traditional workflows. Right? Where voice is. Or where voice. Where voice isn't. Right. And so look, I was talking to an unbelievable startup founder actually, I should introduce him to you guys. Dropped out of Columbia. Brilliant dude. His parents were in the credit card processing business and so he saw these restaurants, quick serve carryout, and he was like, you guys have these half drunk, half paying attention kids answering the phone. They're being a bunch of jerks. You've been in business for 30 years. They don't enter the stuff in. Right. You know, like the whole workflow of everything, like, why don't we just deploy voice agents to handle all this? You're going to get a higher level of service. We can integrate the data better. Right. You know, you know all. And like, they literally have gone to 10 million in ARR in under a year and like are absolutely killing it. Right. With a unsuspecting small business owner. You know, Johnny, that's owned a Pizzeria for 30 years that you wouldn't ever believe would buy this stuff. Now it's only a few hundred dollars a month, but they built this platform that scales like crazy and they've got this huge ROI is now it does all this other stuff on the back end with account. So like, you know, you're going to start to see all that stuff move very quickly.
[20:03] Emmett Chen-Ran: A quick question on that. One, are they working with Hume at all? And two, do you have stories like that of like anonymized customers using Hume that we can post around? Because that's like a great story that I think would be very compelling content.
[20:18] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I mean, candidly, I just met the guy at a dinner that my company hosted and he sat down next to me, we just started chatting. And I'm a foodie, so I just was like really into what he was doing. And so it was a great story. You know, I mean, I could ask if I could post about that or whatever, but their, their larger challenge though, which we did discuss and they're not using us. I just met him for the first time, you know, is. And again, this is where it goes like a few layers, like, look, if that's good enough and I order my pizza and I'M gluten free and, you know, and like, it's like,
[21:01] Yichen Zeng: I
[21:01] Andrew Ettinger: don't have to be that nice because the person I called isn't that nice. Right. You know what I mean? And so, like, there's a low bar there where it's gotta be good enough. But their challenge is, like, on the back end.
[21:12] Yichen Zeng: How
[21:12] Andrew Ettinger: do they drive a reinforcement learning process across what they learn from all of those agents in all of those places. Right. To drive improvements in what they do. And how do they measure that? Right. And how do they then create more data to put into that loop to retrain on that? Right. And an example might be, like, on an edge case that hits a bunch of these things where they might have ordered and they were out of something or they didn't get that allergy. Right. Or things like that that you kind of have to tune. So I don't really have that yet because I just met the guy, but that's why it came top of mind.
[21:49] Emmett Chen-Ran: What about any anonymized customer stories of. I think so last time we talked about one. We'd like to do one fourth of your content overall being kind of these anonymized use cases. Especially as you guys are pivoting into a slight different marketing angle. I think it's really good to show people as much in as much detail as you can without, like, exposing people. The ways that the big companies of the world are using Hume as a research. A voice research partner.
[22:18] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. And I think that's great. And I actually love doing that, and I love content like that. So I think it's great. My challenge is I can't actually tell you what I know about some of those things because of the obvious reasons, and I can't. It's hard. So why don't I do this as a takeaway? Why don't I deliver to you a half a dozen, you know, storylines that you could use, and if we want to chat through them, they're free to get some voiceover. That's fine, but let me do some creative writing that would parallel those things. And, you know, you don't need to know if they're like, you know, a little marketing, so to speak, but let me give you stuff to work with and we could go from there because I agree it's powerful, but there's nothing I could give you off the top of my head because I can't say it. Do you know what I
[23:13] David Zou: mean? 100%, I think, Andrew, on that piece, in terms of a system, also feel free to drop voice notes, texts, just into our slap chat. Myself, Ichin, Emmett and Millie will be monitoring that.
[23:27] Yichen Zeng: So
[23:27] David Zou: make sure to make sure that these are captured and scheduled in the future. And
[23:31] Andrew Ettinger: then we'll
[23:32] David Zou: follow up with the kind of additional inputs for you.
[23:34] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, like I'm not texting right here, here. I was like looking for this, like so like one customer, like, literally like this is the CEO of a. Like we can't write about this, but I'll give you an example. Okay, so this is kind of off the record. So this is the CEO of a pretty big, you know, well, nine figure funded voice AI company, right? You, you know spelling data for every language. Right. You know, post training preference data collection and multilingual pre training. Data, like, basically what that says is, I'm trying to expand what I'm doing into all of these other languages. But to get the right data, let alone in the right context, let alone, you know, spelled the right way, let alone with the right emotions in these other languages is really hard. Right. And so for us to go there, we need a lot of help, and we need to understand how you did it and how you can help us with not just the data, the process and everything else. Right. That's a general story that we could tell a multitude of times because a lot of our value is our models at global scale. And the fact that we've done this across, you know, whatever 18 languages and, you know, all that, all this other stuff, that's a really common thing, right? Because it's a lot easier to get English. Right. It's still harder with the emotional tagging that we do, you know, you know, another. Yeah, so. So. So there's stuff like that that happen every day that I could just put things together and kind of give you, you know, something that, like, would not tip where I just got that from. Do you know what I mean?
[25:10] Emmett Chen-Ran: What about, like, with the. The, like, ensemble of languages and contexts that you have, would you want to call out any niche contexts or languages that other providers don't have, that in sales calls, people have been, like, really pleasantly surprised to find.
[25:29] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I mean, I don't know why I have this, like, habit when I go to Slack, I just go to my phone. But yeah, it's like, yes. I mean, we're. Yes, absolutely. And I. And maybe I could just give you a list of some of those things. I'm also happy if it's helpful to give you, like, a version of my data menu right now, like, the categories of data that I sell and what I do so that as you start to write, you can see how you could tie it back to something there. Like, you don't have to say, oh, and this reinforces Hume's data catalog for dual channel audio. But. But if you knew what that was, you could then think about content for how two speakers talk to each other and how the rhythm and the tone and the pause is something that's really necessary to write. You know, train the model so that they are real things like that. Like, those are the types of things. I'm willing to do some work, guys, to give you that stuff, right. So that you can have that. And then if you want to talk further, we could do that. Is that helpful? Cool. But now hopefully you see why it's like, hey, I can't be inflammatory towards these people. And I know that wasn't the intent ever, but that's how I read. It was like, I can't start to, like, go flick it, you know? I don't even want to name the names. But just think Fang, right? I can't. It's very, very, very, very, you know, very sensitive. Do you know what I mean?
[26:55] Emmett Chen-Ran: Totally.
[26:57] Yichen Zeng: But
[26:58] Andrew Ettinger: I love the approach of storytelling, because then if people see my feed and I read that, they're like, oh, wow, I actually have that problem. Like, let me, like, I'd love to talk to you. Like, I think that's a thing. Cool. Great thing. It's also credibility. It's also thought leadership. So if we mix, like industry, right, you know, stories and then, you know, your other stuff, like, I think we're. I think it'd be really good,
[27:23] Yichen Zeng: I guess. Other. Are there any, like, specific storylines on the top of your head that you would like to deliver?
[27:35] Andrew Ettinger: I mean, I think. Let me just, let me just like, maybe I should just tell you.
[27:49] Yichen Zeng: And
[27:49] Andrew Ettinger: again, if you looked at my website, you won't know what we do. And I'm working on all that and a whole bunch of things, but maybe I should just like tell you. I know, I've heard the transcripts, but maybe I could just like tell you a little bit of story about like, how I'm seeing the market, who we're selling to, where I think our value really is, right? How I'm trying to position myself, where my, like, challenges are with respect to timing on
[28:11] Yichen Zeng: some
[28:11] Andrew Ettinger: sales cycle and things like that. See some of that background. Is that helpful? So then maybe you can reverse engineer that into content or does that give you better grounding? Is that helpful or is that a waste of time?
[28:20] Yichen Zeng: No, that'll be helpful to me.
[28:21] Emmett Chen-Ran: I think
[28:21] Andrew Ettinger: that's super
[28:22] Emmett Chen-Ran: helpful. Especially if you can like frame it in the lens of the ICP of like, in, like you said, the challenges in the sales cycle. It's like, what are the ICP's objections?
[28:33] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, yeah. So look, you know, voices becoming a primary interface in AI, in order for that to happen, human emotions have to be accounted for and front and center. In that voice. No one disagrees, Everyone nods their head. But the way in which that happens is unclear and unstandard right now. And so that opens up the opportunity for an infrastructure to be able to power all of that, right? Which is largely where we play. So if that's where I want to play, I'm going after the people that are building models to support this movement going forward, which is on one hand the large fangs, the hyperscalers, on the other hand, the large AI native companies that are building out text to speech or speech models, think Cartesia or people like that, you know what I mean? The
[29:43] Yichen Zeng: third
[29:43] Andrew Ettinger: area is what I would call generally the enterprise, which could be TV and device manufacturers, right, that have voice enabled applications or horse enabled controls, or automobile manufacturers that have voice that are going to control the operating system inside of cars or autonomous cars,
[30:05] Yichen Zeng: right?
[30:06] Andrew Ettinger: Or. Or robotics and things like that. You've got a larger TAM than you think. And for us, we have built this proprietary infrastructure to power our own models, but we've basically said, screw that. The way in which you make money from that is an API, and that's a hard business to scale and be profitable at. But we've got this amazing infrastructure that if we just became Switzerland and opened that up to everyone building, we could sell them. Right. You know, all of the things that we have to go do this, that turns out right now based on the tens of millions of revenue that we've done, you know, very quickly, is something that they need. And so that means that, you know, we play in the entire life cycle of, you know, how, you know, about, like, working and training with money up.
[31:03] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah, I was just wondering. This sort of like,
[31:05] Yichen Zeng: I
[31:06] Emmett Chen-Ran: guess call it a pivot kind of from going from, like building the models to providing the infra. Is this something that Alan and them were sort of already going the direction of, or is this new? Like, how does this situate against the backdrop of what Hume used to be known as?
[31:23] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, it was a combination. I meant it was a combination. And then, you know, when Google licensed all our tech to go build this and so folks went there, it didn't mean we couldn't keep doing what we're doing. Absolutely did. But it just was a real opportunity to continue to kind of double down on that, because throughout that process, many people like, well, wait, if you're going to sell some of this stuff, we would love to buy it. And they were like, big dollars. For me personally, the models are getting commoditized and will continue to get commoditized over time. And so the value will be either in the infrastructure to support them, the data and the systems that power them and make them real, or the application layer above it. So you should choose one of those, in my opinion. Now, if you want to have a model that's great and maybe somewhat gets commoditized, you got to get all the other stuff around it to be great so that in the end you can make money. And so for me, it was just easier to be the infra provider to anyone building these things.
[32:29] Yichen Zeng: Right? Yeah.
[32:31] Emmett Chen-Ran: Because I think there's a lot of education that we could probably do to the people who are even consumers of this space. Like, as you guys are seeing that shift, the Fangs are probably not articulating it as eloquently as you are, because you're like in the middle of the storm. So I think there's probably some education just on what that market and industry shift happening right now is as well.
[32:53] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. And you know, it's because it's not just about acquiring random voice data. Right. Like, cool. Like, we take this recording and we sell it to somebody. And they pay us 100 bucks. Right? Like, great. You got four dudes having a business conversation, right? You know, one dude probably talked too much. Okay, cool, right? Kind of an interview podcast. Oh, great. Go do something with it. Like, it would train something to sound like this. It would do a decent job. But like, in the end, like, that is so commoditized. Right? Like, it's all about the emotional, you know, labeling and tagging. And Alan had 10 years of research in semantic space theory, which basically says humans are complex. They have many emotions at once. There could be up to 600 of them in many different combinations. You need to apply some really advanced statistical calculations against that to be able to show that. And that's all expressed into a data pipeline we can use and expose to people. And so people train models to do things and they're always training models. They then get the results and decide like how to post train them or do some sort of fine tuning or reinforced learning throughout all of that. And then they want to benchmark them to see how they're doing. Right. And that process, like, largely doesn't stop them. And I skipped a few steps. But generally, like, that is a circle that people go through. And so for us, like, I got to catch you right before one of those stops in that circle with the need that you've got at that minute. So I can get it in there. And if you don't, they just keep going. Either A, they get something from someone else, which
[34:37] Yichen Zeng: even
[34:38] Andrew Ettinger: though it might not be as good, it doesn't matter. They're like, all right, we'll just use that and see what happens. Or they just solve a different problem because you can't solve all 10 problems for that first training run. And those training runs or post training runs, they cost millions of dollars every time we do it. That's why they got to raise so much money. Right? It's not, it's, it's not easy. So, yeah, that's where we have to catch them in that cycle, which is why this content is really good. To constantly get that in front of them and. Right. So that, you know, you never know when someone sees it. You never know when it hits them. You never know when the way in which we say it, that time is like what resonates where they raise their hand. And we are developing a set of things when, you know, we will launch this hopefully in the next 30 to 45 days, like with the remessage on all this stuff so that like, we will have things for people in that loop irrespective of where they're at and at what time, because you're always going to need these things judged by humans. Right. And so
[35:33] Emmett Chen-Ran: the
[35:33] Andrew Ettinger: company was formed by psychologists. So when you want to study human behavior, psychologists are the best way to go do
[35:39] Yichen Zeng: that.
[35:40] Andrew Ettinger: Right. So anyone can ask a human what they thought of something, but when you do it in a psychologically valid and grounded and blessed way, we are now getting human ratings on a lot of this data for these customers that's psychologically valid, which means it's a much higher fidelity signal that they can integrate back into their models. Right. So that might be way too overkill and more than you want. But the. Point is, these are key themes that we'd want to hit some content on. Emmett, to your point of starting to sort of re frame some of the things we're doing and in some cases educate the market on the types of things. Right. You know, that are. That are out there.
[36:27] Emmett Chen-Ran: A four stops thing is a really good, like modular framework that we can milk a lot, I think. Like, can you or sorry, not the four stops, but like the number of stops in that process.
[36:37] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah,
[36:38] Yichen Zeng: yeah. What
[36:38] Emmett Chen-Ran: are the most common ones that people speak about in the sales process that causes them to like look for you or find you?
[36:46] Andrew Ettinger: I mean, it's. Yeah, I mean it's basically retraining, right? Which is like, hey, I'm going to build a model and I just got to get like the right things in here so that the model can start to just understand English, Spanish. Right. Norwegian and Saudi Arabic. Right. You know what I mean? And to do that you just gotta get a set of data with a set of instructions and a set of things. So the thing could just start to work. Right? Or
[37:15] Emmett Chen-Ran: I guess like maybe what would be things that the ICP should like if they read this called out in your post, you'd be like, oh, I like
[37:21] Yichen Zeng: have that
[37:22] Emmett Chen-Ran: problem. I really like. Is it as simple as. Like the results are not like the, I don't know, it's underfitting to their expectations or like the, the
[37:31] Andrew Ettinger: languages
[37:32] Emmett Chen-Ran: are not. It's too sparse. Like, what are those specific things that cause them pain?
[37:36] Andrew Ettinger: That it's not real. Like the human emotion isn't real and present. That the voice isn't sound natural, it's not expressive, it doesn't match the rhythm, the tone, the timbre, the way in which humans interact with each other, the expressivity of it all, right. The, you know, empathic approach that it takes. Right. You know, just being a human. Just being a human. So that's one big problem. We. Which means you need data at every stage of that life cycle to help fix that. The second thing is, if that's a problem, then how the hell do you measure that
[38:10] Yichen Zeng: it's a
[38:11] Andrew Ettinger: problem to know that it's a problem. And when you throw more data and things at it, how do you actually then measure that it worked? Right? Like, do I just say, does this sound better? Like you have to have the right evaluation systems, the right evals that you run against these things, which are, you know, a set of functions that people run. Right. That then statistically give you the data that says like, you're doing better or worse than that benchmark. Right. And that's where people are stuck. And so you're going to see us make a lot of noise about that in the next six weeks. Right. And in fact, kind of relaunch and rebrand a lot of the stuff that we already have out for the market on that, because that's going to be the big killer. And then to your point, then. I don't actually care where you're at. And if you're training for the next three months and I can't sell you data, I don't care because you're always going to need me here every step of the way. It's going to drive work, all that stuff. Right. So, like, I think that's one way to think about it. I'm not, like, quite there to, like, go all in on that, but we could start to, like, we still do benchmarks and the evaluations today, so we can still talk about that. But I think in, like, six weeks, like, we'll have a lot to really go hard on. Right. Because we're going to publish a framework that'll be a standard for the industry and get the industry to rally around that standard. And I think we can drive a truck through that sort of content creation. But if we go now, until then, and just lead up to that, maybe tease that a little bit, not that we're coming out with that, but just tease the notion of benchmarking evals and tie it to all of this, then I think we'll be in a really good spot. And then to your point, maybe I can reverse engineer that into a couple of that's customer stories that also would lend itself to kind of where we're going there. Does that make sense?
[40:04] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah. And I think a fun thing for you guys to do, I don't know if you're already considering some sort of, like, growth marketing stunt like this, but is to, like, let people upload a short snippet of their, like, voice, AI audio or something, and just have your thing, like, grade it and be like, this is exactly how bad it is, so they can see how. How much better it
[40:24] Yichen Zeng: could
[40:24] Emmett Chen-Ran: be.
[40:26] Andrew Ettinger: You must be reading my slides, I guess, right before I got on here, as I'm finishing my strategy to get the team aligned on all these products. That's a future box, but it is a box on here where you could automatically do that. I need some work to get there. But yes, that is the intent, right? That is absolutely the intent. But in order to do that, in order to tell you it's that bad, I have to tell you why it's bad. Against what measures, against what framework. Right. Ideally, I could tell you how to close the gap. That's where I think this ultimately goes. If I could then build the algorithm to tell you exactly what to go do to close the gap and help you do that. But yes, you see where it's going.
[41:08] Emmett Chen-Ran: Gotcha. Yuchen, did you have more questions.
[41:10] Yichen Zeng: Yeah. Yeah. So back to the benchmark and evaluations. How would losing publicly on your own benchmark make you money? What's sort of the strategic logic there?
[41:24] Andrew Ettinger: If
[41:25] Yichen Zeng: you,
[41:27] Andrew Ettinger: if our model wasn't good on the benchmark.
[41:29] Yichen Zeng: Yeah. You said you publish even if, like Hume ranked last year.
[41:33] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. Yeah. Because, well, a few things. One, I can try to win a model war. I can try to win the standard war. Right. I think I could win the standard war. So if I win the standard by which everyone measures their output. Right. Again, win. I win there. I also think it's being open and honest and objective because I'm not actually trying to say I have the best model in the world. And by the way, my models are only trained on a few billion parameters. And so there will be much bigger models on multiple. Multi billion parameters that are going to be trained much deeper on much more data. Like that's okay, like I know that, like I'm fine with that, right. And I think it's going to make us far more credible and you know, we might just open source some of our things also and move in the direction of doing this on all open source models and start to do this as an open lab and open some of these things so you get community adoption and virality too. And what I keep proprietary is my data processing pipeline underneath of that to feed all of these things as well as my expertise and know how and to build these things vertical for companies as the models get commoditized and more and more people start to build these things inside a healthcare group or doordash or whatever, right. Where they can't
[42:57] Yichen Zeng: get
[42:58] Andrew Ettinger: these things working and get their data fully integrated. And that's where it's all going to, which is why know I'm kind of get out ahead of it
[43:09] Emmett Chen-Ran: actually. One thing that you mentioned before Andrew is also like you, you brought up a LinkedIn profile of someone at Opening who did like product OpenAI and you'd said like she's probably worth like you know, tens of millions of dollars. Like how often is the sales process going through like a champion internally versus like how often you directly interfacing immediately with the buyer? I guess because like how much what level of abstraction we take on the education depends on like how much handholding we have to do to the reader, right?
[43:43] Andrew Ettinger: Goddamn, that's a good question. So look, here's where we struggle right now and it's the way this stuff works is in the end this data isn't actually bought from the researcher. The data actually the researcher probably barely talks. They probably slack this to someone in business development. And in business development they're responsible for managing like the data relationships and like literally like I got a slack last night from a fang person to ask for XYZ crazy shit and have it delivered in a crazy time period, right? And they call you. There's virtual, I don't want to say there's virtually no budget attached to it because that's wrong. But it's like it's very time sensitive. And so I keep saying to these guys like I'll do all this stuff for you. Can we run a workshop with your researcher so that they understand everything that we could do so we could just plan a little bit. Irrespective if I can deliver this to you in 48 hours or not. Like there's a lot more things like I can help them with, right? And so our challenge is to get to them. But I have no fucking idea of a researcher ever goes on LinkedIn, right? And population is probably rather small that goes on there. If anything, they're probably more on X. Now, these business development and corporate development and the other folks that are buying this stuff all are largely on LinkedIn. I don't know how active, but they're, they're, they're, they're more apt to be there. And sort of the blast radius. Right. You know, is. Is. Is there. So I do. Emmett, to answer you specifically, probably need to straddle, you know, a commercial CEO is not a moron with respect to technology at a researcher level. But not trying to be a researcher. Selling to a researcher. Right. Because it's probably relatively unlikely if you look at the percent of the population of researchers that would do this and raise their hand versus, like the business development folks, the product folks, and the other folks.
[45:44] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah, yeah. Like the researchers aren't going on LinkedIn to read papers from LinkedIn.
[45:50] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. Or I've seen it because I've like, connected with someone. You're like, oh, 417 connections. Like, what's the point? To even waste one of my connections here? I was like, all right, I'll do it. And maybe that's actually a strategy because if they ever go on there, my post will be at the top of their feed. Like, I don't know. But like, you know, but. But to your point, like, I got my connections down to like 29,400, so I freed up 600. So now I gotta go rebuild those 600 strategically in this ICP. Right. Which I do think I do. I could do. Do your platform or you have a tool that supports that. I forgot where you were. Using Reach. Or you're using something,
[46:30] Emmett Chen-Ran: right? Yeah, we are currently using Hay Reach. We might be shifting to a different thing, but either option would do the job of connecting with your icp.
[46:40] Andrew Ettinger: Cool.
[46:41] Emmett Chen-Ran: What
[46:41] Andrew Ettinger: are you moving to? I'm just curious.
[46:44] Emmett Chen-Ran: We might be entering into a partnership with Valley. And I don't know if you've seen Valley, but they do the entire post publisher warm outbound process. So they do like the qualification of the ICP that engage on your content. They DM the ICP that engage in your content. And so that would take away the BDR work of a human on your side.
[47:06] Andrew Ettinger: Got it. Cool. I asked because a year ago I was going to create one of these LinkedIn tools just because all my friends had no idea what to go do. So I.
[47:15] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah, this
[47:15] Andrew Ettinger: one,
[47:15] Emmett Chen-Ran: Valley, they. They claim that they are the only LinkedIn sort of like automation messaging tool out there with no accounts banned for the last, like, I think two years. So that they prior, they said like, they spent about half the seed money they raised on just like making sure that they were playing safe with LinkedIn. So we're hoping that they definitely are like, the best option in the space.
[47:43] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah.
[47:43] David Zou: Good.
[47:44] Andrew Ettinger: Awesome.
[47:45] David Zou: Oh, go ahead,
[47:46] Andrew Ettinger: Go ahead, David.
[47:47] David Zou: Just to get ahead of it. One of the best features I think we found is not only can you tune it to better match your voice in the way that you normally like to respond, but but you can set it so that you have to manually approve each message that goes out. Because I know your biggest concern is due to how small your ICP is. Every single touchpoint matters and Valley gives you full control, but. Without having for you to do all of the messaging yourself.
[48:10] Andrew Ettinger: Does it also do the automated connections or. It does. Okay, got it, got it. Okay, cool.
[48:22] Yichen Zeng: So
[48:22] Andrew Ettinger: should I think about using like is heyreach on your platform? Just white label? Like I would just go on your platform and I can go set that up.
[48:31] David Zou: You
[48:31] Emmett Chen-Ran: would just provide us the list and we'll set up. Set up the campaign.
[48:34] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah. Okay, so run a sales nav list. Send me the sales nav URL.
[48:38] David Zou: Yeah.
[48:39] Emmett Chen-Ran: Correct. Yeah.
[48:40] Andrew Ettinger: Okay, got it. I'm gonna do that next week. Is that cool?
[48:42] David Zou: Perfect.
[48:43] Andrew Ettinger: Okay,
[48:44] Emmett Chen-Ran: that's
[48:44] Andrew Ettinger: great. And don't worry, I'm not going to buy Valley. Trust me, I'm not. I'm not. I'm in the business of working with you guys, not trying to go build my own stack or manage tools,
[48:51] Emmett Chen-Ran: so. Oh, I mean like we would be just giving you Valley for free
[48:54] David Zou: if we switch
[48:55] Emmett Chen-Ran: to them.
[48:56] Andrew Ettinger: No, again I'm just more
[48:57] David Zou: interested.
[49:00] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I just want to get this going so trust me, I'm not. But I do know the power of it, like I said.
[49:07] David Zou: So
[49:08] Andrew Ettinger: anyway. Cool. Awesome. All right, well I didn't realize I could just drop a nav URL and then do you want me to give you instructions? Like I don't want any messages. I just send general
[49:15] David Zou: connects. Yep. We'll just be a connection request with no messages and then we'll sequence it so that it's kind of more on the conservative side between 10 and 15 a day. Sequence throughout the day that way kind of. It's kind of not super algorithmic and then there's a huge volume of connections all of a sudden from entry security.
[49:32] Andrew Ettinger: Got it. Yeah, I've always set Those up at 50 a day max. But I was a little more risky. But it's fine. But, but I know you get. Yeah, I get it, I get it. It's fine. We can start there and see what happens. Cool.
[49:43] Emmett Chen-Ran: I think like with the remaining time maybe let's talk more about the. So okay, if we're going to focus on just like I think the economic buyer or like the biz dev people or like the product people. So it'll be calling out more like maybe like issues that the researchers in their org have or like the friction points that their researchers bring up to them or like I know you guys just open sourced model I think recently. Like do you want to comment more on the state of like open sourcing or that announcement in particular in a way that the economic buyer, the biz dev people care about?
[50:22] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I'm happy to I think semantics matter here. So I just want to say I know you didn't mean it this way. I just want to be clear. Like I'm happy to talk about the issues the researchers have. I just don't want to point them out as issues. Right, right. That that's the nuance I need to be careful
[50:38] Yichen Zeng: of.
[50:39] Andrew Ettinger: Right. You know what I mean? Like I can't say
[50:41] Emmett Chen-Ran: the way that they're currently doing work
[50:43] David Zou: or
[50:44] Andrew Ettinger: thinking right. Like I can't say researchers struggle right to get their shit to be real. It's just like okay, like then who wants to raise their hand be like you know what? I want to work with a guy that said that I can't do my
[50:53] David Zou: job.
[50:54] Andrew Ettinger: Do you know what I mean? And I understand the psychology of how that does work in marketing and how that does work that and if you guys tell me I'm being neurotic and overly careful, I'm just saying these researchers. Researchers are like, you know, you don't want to get in their crosshairs. Do you know what I'm
[51:12] Emmett Chen-Ran: saying? Yeah, yeah. You want to like, position the solution as, like, it can augment them or elevate them, not like, fix a huge problem they
[51:20] Andrew Ettinger: have. And I would just reframe it. Like, the researchers were working with love, working with us to make the emotion better and to make this better that, you know, I just would reframe it versus saying they struggle, we help. I would just reframe it they love. I'd make it more of the story and just reframe it. Do you know what I'm saying?
[51:37] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah. Makes sense. So I guess then, yeah, back to the sort of like
[51:42] Yichen Zeng: the
[51:43] Emmett Chen-Ran: maybe trigger points in that, like, cause people to talk to Hume for to begin the sales cycle. Are you able to provide specifics on. And I know you said it's like the stops in like the training, the post training. Um, yeah. Any. Any specifics we can get into with, like, what caused them to start the sales process?
[52:05] Andrew Ettinger: Well, it might help if my website said what I did. So like that, that, that, that, that might be helpful. So I'll have an MVP up, up in that hopefully in the next week or two, which will just help so that at least people completely understand that we're selling, you know, what we're selling now. So, I mean, I think that's. Honestly, I meant one of the biggest, long, the longest polls in the tent. Like, we've never had a conversation with someone and we've gotten to a lot of people where they're like, no, what you're doing is stupid. And no, we want our AI to be less emotionally intelligent and we don't think you could ever help us. Now, we might have gotten there and they might have asked us for the most specific, random things that we couldn't do right now. They might like the other things and all that other stuff, but not ready for it. Things like that. There's just. There's no awareness gap right now. And even the folks that we've spoken to, you know, look, I come from, you know, revenue and CRO and all that, all that shit, right? Like, no one here also has really understood the notion of going wide and deeper in accounts. Right. You know, and even business development guy at XYZ Hyperscaler. That, yes, might buy hundreds of millions of dollars worth of data. I don't know. There's probably 10, 15, 20, 30 other people you also could talk to. Right. That that person might not about. And so, you know, that's the other challenge. Right. Is wider and deeper, which goes to still the awareness problem. Right. Even though literally one person at these labs could. Could. Could spend $100 million with you. It's wild, but, you know, at very healthy margins. But again, even still, like, I wouldn't piss anyone off if that's what I got to. But I'm not. I'm not there yet. I'm gonna get there. But so. So it's really just awareness for me right now. Right. And it's really just awareness. So the more I'm just at least consistently getting this stuff out is actually really helpful for me in the short term, which is why I'm also not overly panicked about exact performance. Right. Or likes or comments or whatever. I know the reach is better than that. It always is for me because I would hear it from people and I know we got to just get that going and that's going to be helpful. And then, you know, when we get through this warm up
[54:20] Yichen Zeng: phase,
[54:20] Andrew Ettinger: I start to connect with more people and I formally launch a lot of this stuff and let's say four to six weeks now, it could be a lot more surgical and targeted there, but I'll give you whatever you need in the meantime.
[54:32] Emmett Chen-Ran: Yeah, and I think like we can also draw upon. I know Maurice sent the link to your guys like blog and maybe like right now since you guys are like pre launch, we'll just do some more general education about like existing research or frameworks that Hume believes in. Like the emotional, like, I forget what it's called but like the framework that Alan
[54:50] Andrew Ettinger: came up
[54:50] Emmett Chen-Ran: with and just do general kind of like storytelling and like education about the stuff that you guys already have public.
[55:02] Andrew Ettinger: The other, the other thing I could do is I have like a lot of like scratch work and narrative documents and stuff like that. I could probably just like actually I'm on a five hour plane ride on Monday morning. I could probably just put it in the cloud and be like, hey, I gotta give my LinkedIn partners, right? You know, some synthesis and stories around this stuff, right? Like give me four or five key themes to go to. Like I could arm you with like that type of stuff. I'm not saying you have to or would just take that copy and just paste and be like there's your LinkedIn post. But I could give you like,
[55:35] David Zou: you
[55:35] Andrew Ettinger: know, a lot of that stuff, right? Like I'm happy, happy, happy to like do that stuff. Like I don't expect you to be experts and I don't expect you even from an hour content interview to be able to necessarily get to the level of content you want. Maybe you do. I hope so and I hope we get there. But I also want you to know I'm here to help.
[55:53] Yichen Zeng: Yeah, Andrew, what I wanted to do actually was to maybe share some of the core themes and messages that I feel like we could design or post to revolve around. And once I slack those over to you, you could respond with some short pseudo specific storylines that you feel like would fit into those, would fit with those themes or fit with those messages. Does that sound like a reasonable direction?
[56:19] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, 100%. Again, I'm. This is a two way street. I'm here to invest. If I didn't do this with you, I'd have to do it on myself, which would have probably marginally less benefit, more cognitive load for me, and I would just use too much AI and it probably wouldn't be that great. Trust me. Either way, I've
[56:44] Yichen Zeng: got to put
[56:45] Andrew Ettinger: some attention here because it's not an optional function for me as well. Speaking of which, Emmett, are you guys going to go to X at all, or is that on your roadma?
[56:56] Emmett Chen-Ran: We probably will not be doing X in the near future. There's
[57:00] Andrew Ettinger: just not
[57:01] Emmett Chen-Ran: nearly as many B2B decision makers on X like
[57:04] Andrew Ettinger: you mentioned,
[57:04] Emmett Chen-Ran: it's more for like prosumer research. Search like kind of the, the, the
[57:10] David Zou: technical
[57:10] Emmett Chen-Ran: stuff. Yeah.
[57:14] Andrew Ettinger: I wonder, short term I could just repost whatever I do on
[57:17] Emmett Chen-Ran: LinkedIn. Oh yeah. So some of, some of the people we work with do basically just like verbatim copy paste the LinkedIn post into X. You could also just like split it into different tweets to make it a thread if you want. But we've seen, we've seen like mixed results. I think like in. They can perform quite well depending on the post.
[57:37] Andrew Ettinger: It's one of those things I'm just dormant so I just gotta get active. The other thing I could do is I could maybe
[57:41] David Zou: just
[57:42] Andrew Ettinger: do some post processing on your post and split it up into two or
[57:45] David Zou: three posts
[57:46] Andrew Ettinger: and if I just manually do that, that's fine. I get it. I understand why you wouldn't go there. And you probably got more than you need to do on LinkedIn. Trust me, I know how behind
[57:53] David Zou: people
[57:54] Andrew Ettinger: are.
[57:56] Emmett Chen-Ran: Okay, cool. I think. David,
[57:59] Andrew Ettinger: do you
[57:59] Emmett Chen-Ran: have anything else? Any
[58:00] David Zou: legitimate. No, that's
[58:01] Emmett Chen-Ran: it. Do we need to like on the, the go live date?
[58:05] David Zou: Yes. So on the go live date in our systems here, Andrew, based off our kickoff, we should be ready to go live with content early next week. I think in terms of the first batch of posts, I know there was a handful of feedback that was provided to our team. Each is going through them making sure that the revised kind of go to market plan is good to go. Afterwards, I'll show you a quick Slack message with the posts to approve the image assets will need. Are you the best person on your team to both approve content as well as provide image assets or is there someone else we should be adding to Slack to work with?
[58:42] Andrew Ettinger: No, I'll do that. I'm hiring someone that will also help, but I'll do that. I might be light on some of the images
[58:52] Emmett Chen-Ran: you
[58:52] Andrew Ettinger: want.
[58:54] Emmett Chen-Ran: Maybe Mori will have some images because I think some of the images might be just like the team working together or like stuff like that.
[59:02] Andrew Ettinger: Yeah, I will try but I guess
[59:06] Emmett Chen-Ran: if we
[59:07] Andrew Ettinger: don't launch with it.
[59:10] David Zou: Yeah, I think the real goal here is like we need image assets because if you look at a tile, right, the broad majority of that tile is image. So image does tend to help our posts perform better. And then you know, I'll just send it into Slack and then, you know, we can collaborate on how to get those assets. But you know, I think each one's going to really crush. I'm really excited to see how this partnership will continue to grow. And again, Andrew, like, as someone who is investing into this partnership like, it is felt both ways, and we really appreciate it.
[59:40] Andrew Ettinger: No, thank you. I appreciate it. I know image performs better. I'm just telling you, if I got along, I'm not not doing it because I'm like, that's stupid. We don't need
[59:48] David Zou: it. I know.
[59:49] Andrew Ettinger: I'm just telling if I don't have it, like, I can go figure out a way to go create some stuff over time. Right. And I'll just have to deal with less performance or whatever. I get it. I understand.
[60:01] Emmett Chen-Ran: Well,
[60:02] David Zou: thank you.
[60:03] Andrew Ettinger: Awesome. Thank you, everyone.
[60:04] Emmett Chen-Ran: I
[60:04] Andrew Ettinger: appreciate it. You guys are awesome. Have a good weekend.
[60:06] Emmett Chen-Ran: All right,
[60:07] Yichen Zeng: thanks. Thank
[60:07] Andrew Ettinger: you.