OpenAI now invests 9 figures annually in training data to power their models.

Having spent over 15 years in this field, I've had discussions with global CIOs, sealed ten-figure deals, and seen how these machines are built from the ground up.
ANDREW ETTINGER'S COMMENTS: this contradicts my ICP as I don't sell to CIOs anymore and not sure I want to talk about sealing big deals in that context.  We can position it as having a front row seat to billions of dollars of purchases and seeing how these machines are built from the groud up and how AI teams deliver outcomes from data (IE - focus on outcomes and Ai teams)

Back in the day, we all assumed that the big labs figured it all out in-house with researchers and perfect datasets (this was never true).
ANDREW ETTINGER'S COMMENTS: not a good tone - remember I am a commercial oriented CEO and I am fine to be a bit edgy as that is me but I can't introduce any early potential reputational risk by inflaming these AI folks who all have very quirky personalities that are not like us so we have to balance that.  It would be different if I was a Stanford PHD and built something myself.  So need to be careful and protect my brand here. 

The labs buy. At a scale that would surprise most people outside the industry.
ANDREW ETTINGER'S COMMENTS: i don't understand the point - why do we keep picking on the labs with money.  We can't do that

Here's how that spending has changed over time:

• Back in the GPT-2 days, data costs were almost negligible compared to computing expenses
• By the time GPT-3 came around, they were licensing large text corpora on a significant scale
• With GPT-4, the need for multimodal capabilities brought in image, video, and audio data pipelines
• Nowadays, each new field: be it law, medicine, or finance, demands its own tailored datasets
ANDREW ETTINGER'S COMMENTS: I think I see the issue and it was my fear on the first content call.  We focused way too much on the past and not enough on the future and so all of these things are just not worth discussing.  The AI market moves so fast it is crazy.  I will slack you an article to prove that.  An OSS model that is crazy good gets released by Alibaba and then 2 days later half the team is gone.  That is how fast things move.  This feels to me like a sales guy "mansplaining" things to people which I can't come off as and regardless isn't me.  Also my ICP doesn't gaf about this as they were doing before I even knew it was going to be a thing if you know what I mean. 

In five years, we have seen data evolve from a rounding error to a billion-dollar line item.

Competitive moats are forming, and labs with access to the right data are widening the gap between themselves and others. The challenge ahead is whether you can obtain the specific data that matters for the exact problem you are trying to solve.

Specialized data procurement has become the standard, and that number is not going down any time soon.
ANDREW ETTINGER'S COMMENTS: all very good text